    Context:
DJ sent FC25 home on her own and told her: "I'll meet you at home," only for her to find out via the news that he had let himself get arrested to protect her as they had gotten too close to finding out about her "snacks."

    Ci sat on the side of her bed, stroking Roxy’s back. She stared at the floor with tired eyes. The bags under them had appeared shortly after the ball, only getting larger as sleepless nights went by. In the last week, she had only managed to rest six hours at best. Those were the times her body shut down on its own, but her mind didn’t. DJ wouldn’t leave her dreams. Whenever she managed to get a sliver of rest, she awoke in tears. She missed him. She hadn’t left her apartment in days, occasionally feeding on whatever still looked edible. She was more concerned about the amount of dog food she had left, though.
    The sudden ringing of her phone startled Roxy. She jumped from the bed to sit in front of Ci, placing her head on her lap. Ci blankly glanced at the screen as her boss’s name lit up the room. She managed to gather enough energy to answer the call shortly before the tone cut out.
    “Hello?” She did her best not to let her voice give away her feelings.
    “FC, thank god. Look, I don't know what happened but we need you at the store. Your vacation ended yesterday and you haven't shown up for your shift.”
    Ci swallowed her tears. She had completely forgotten about work, of all things.
    “I– I apologize… Is um–” She checked the time, still early in the evening, and finally noticed all the messages she had ignored. “Is it okay if I come in tomorrow?”
    There was a sigh on the other end.
    “Alright, I'm counting on you.”
    “Thank you.”
    She let her arms down, staring at the phone on her lap, next to Roxy’s nose. When it turned off, she was able to catch a glimpse of her reflection before darkness took over again. Her horns had grown a lot already, the faster one was at least 4 inches long now, while the other was half that. Her hair had grown too, her bangs were covering part of her eyes. Ci sighed before hiding her face in her hands. 
    She felt pathetic.
    She let herself fall back on her bed, knowing she needed to rest to be able to handle a whole shift. Roxy jumped next to her and licked her cheek affectionately before dozing off quickly. Ci held her dog for a long time, unable to relax as her mind was haunted by all that she missed. Eventually, after hours, her body did turn off.

    She could feel his arms around her when she opened her eyes, touching her bare skin. She turned around to face him, expecting to be able to see DJ's cute emotionless face, his beautiful eye staring at her, and hoped to give his delicate lips a kiss. However, all she could see was a cold concrete wall.
    Ci froze as she felt a breath down her neck.
    “Do you understand, now?” A man spoke condescendingly to her. “You were never meant for this world. You are a disgrace, should have died with everyone else.”
    He grabbed her by the back of her head and forced her to look out the window. A building was in flames.
    “But you thought you deserved a place outside. You didn't know your place. And now… Now you understand. You do, don't you?”
    He threw her into a hole in the ground. 

    Ci grabbed her blanket tightly as she shot up in her bed, her breathing erratic and tears rolling down her cheeks uncontrollably.
    “I can’t do this… I can’t do this anymore…” She buried her face in her pillows to silence her screaming. Then, when she noticed her dog staring at her, she wiped her cheeks with her forearm and apologized between sniffles. “Sorry, baby. I woke you up.”
    For the first time, she had considered using the forums to seek genuine help rather than to take advantage of the users. She had no right, though.

    Ci watched the dog pull on the rope to lift the shutters enough to light up the room a little. She stood in front of the mirror hung on the wall, staring back at herself. Ci couldn’t help but glance at the beautiful yet revealing dress hanging behind her from the top shelf of the closet. She had originally put it there because she didn’t want to damage it, but it felt almost like a decoration by now. A memory he had left her. She tried her best to put on a smile, focusing on her own face again.
    “Let me know if you need help finding anything!”
    She watched her weak smile fade.
    “Would people even fall for it?” She asked the big dog now laying on the floor in the sunlight.
    Ci put on some clothes and tied her long hair up in her usual side ponytail. She had tried her best to cut her bangs and spent an hour filing her horns. She had never felt this way regarding work, but she didn’t want to go. She held the door handle for a minute. If he came back, she wanted to be here. Maybe if he came back he’d want to surprise her. She thought about leaving the door unlocked for him but Roxy’s gentle bark reminded her that she did still have something to lose, even if Roxy was very capable of defending herself. DJ wouldn’t be stopped by a door lock anyway. Roxy barked again and this time Ci turned around. She had forgotten her shoes.

    Minutes, hours passed and Ci watched herself restock, clean, fold, and for the first time avoid customers. None of them knew, none of them cared. She’d noticed some gazes lingering on her and although she did her best to smile, she couldn’t shake the feeling that there was resentment in their eyes. Considering most of the regulars shared the same clothing style, it wasn’t a surprise that some of them vaguely reminded her of DJ but every time it happened, it felt like her heart was being ripped apart when they bursted into laughter or turned around.
    It was dark when she stepped out of the mall. She was eager to get home but the pain in her feet and the sheer exhaustion rendered her unable to walk at her usual speed. She pulled the hood of her cropped sweater over her horns, a weak barrier against the world, and headed home slowly.

    Day after day, she was forced to get used to this new routine. When she got back home, Roxy would be there waiting for her. Ci would sit on the ground, holding her dog close, and often she would melt into tears. She took Roxy out afterwards but only to go to the nearby dollar store or to the closest bench where she would play fetch until it got too cold. They went to bed then and Ci struggled to fall asleep until her body shut down. She always overslept, leaving no room for doing anything before work anymore.

    That night, she was woken up by a squeaking Roxy licking her hand and shaking her by jumping on and off the bed. Ci rubbed her eyes with her other hand, trying to adjust. When she went to open her mouth to express her confusion, she heard it; her phone was ringing. What would her boss even want from her at this hour? She haphazardly tapped at the screen to answer the call.
    “Hello?”
    “Hey.”
    With a single word, a wave of pure relief, joy washed over her. The lingering doubt was quickly discarded when Roxy barked and began running in circles in the tiny room as she recognized it too. The voice she had craved for what felt like forever echoed in her mind and it made a new kind of tear run down her face.
    It was him.