	The melody of a cello and a piano, although faint as was their soft crackling noise, loudly broke the silence through the speakers, enveloping the ball room. It reminded Kimi of the long nights spent alone in her family’s residence. She was never truly by herself, of course, but no one she had known then was capable of satiating the void within her. She longed for a spark or truly anything to help appease the craving.
	The quiet steps of her spark pulled her out of her thoughts. She turned her head to the wide stairs Mist was descending from and her relief was given away by a weak smile, one she couldn't have faked if she tried.
	“You should play for me,” Kimi requested as her gaze shifted towards the pristine piano.
	He was pensive for a moment, observing her as she wearily held herself on the duet bench, leaning on the covered keyboard for support.
	“I will consider it,” Mist nodded, yet he let his voice waver ever so lightly.
	“Don’t you know how to play?” Kimi questioned, unconvinced, as he closed the distance between them.
	“I did a while back,” Mist admitted, gently placing his hand on the polished wood of the instrument. “This one was already here when I bought the place. I haven’t had much time or desire to use it.”
	In a gesture she would only ever have calculated in the past yet natural now, Kimi reached for Mist’s hand. He brought it up to his face to plant a kiss on her pale skin.
	“Are you ready?” He asked calmly as ever though his eyes revealed his concern.
	“Any more ready and I might die on the spot, I’m afraid.” Kimi attempted to joke but her grim reality interrupted her under the guise of a coughing fit. She quickly turned away from the piano to avoid staining it. Her two-toned red handkerchief caught most of it, however she couldn’t help leaving a few scarlet traces on the marble floor.
	Mist shook off the fear. He wrapped his arms around her waist and behind her knees, lifting her up gently to carry her to the room he had prepared. For the first time, he had control over his nightmare.
	Kimi was uncomfortable forcing Mist to do all the work, her arms were barely strong enough for her to reach around his neck. She knew herself to be fading further away when within mere seconds, he was already laying her down on the dark sheets. The blackouts had started in the evening along with her legs giving out occasionally. She had always hated feeling vulnerable, but all she was able to do was let the soft bedding embrace her. She tried to tighten her grip on Mist when she felt him let go of her.
	“I’m right here,” he reassured as he picked up a small object from the bedside table before getting on the bed with her, “it’s okay. It’ll be okay.”
	“I’m glad.” Kimi whispered as he stroked her cheek, letting his fingers run down her neck until they met the small scars he had left. “I’m lucky to be with you,” Kimi confessed.
	Mist noticed a tear forming, the first he had ever seen Kimi shed. He was once again reminded of how fast the clock was ticking when the trail it left on her face was bright red. He left a few pecks on her face as he climbed on top of her, careful not to hurt her.
	“Take me.”
	She attempted a smile and they shared one last true kiss.
	Mist licked the crimson off his lips then took a deep breath as the taste of her overwhelmed him. Her bleeding was spiraling out of  control. He needed it all for himself. His preemptive apology didn’t have time to escape his mouth, his head moved on its own and he let his teeth sink into her neck one last time.
	Kimi whimpered, squirmed under him from the pain she had never gotten used to. Mist did his best to keep from losing himself to his appetite, holding her tightly. Admittedly, it was easier to stay focused since he had already had his last most delicious drink out of her unknowingly, before she had gotten sick. The taste of illness, while subtle enough not to excessively alter the taste, had changed it forever. Regardless, she was still an unparalleled delicacy, one only he would ever have the privilege of savoring. Perhaps his attraction to her and his lurking addiction had both played their parts in how he perceived it.
	Though it pained him, as soon as Mist felt the flow slowing down and Kimi’s body desperately attempting to save itself, he pulled away from her and without hesitation, slashed his wrist with the iron blade he carried. His own blood began pouring as he held his wound above her mouth, gently opened with his other hand.

	Mist laid on his side next to Kimi, both of them facing each other when the third morning sun shone through the deep red curtains. At last, they were alone together, forever.
	Kimi’s gaze met Mist’s as she finally opened her eyes. They shared a knowing smile before leaning in to meet for a loving kiss, the first one of Kimi’s new life. Her second first words broke the silence, stunning Mist.
	“I love you.”
	Kimi allowed herself to finally utter the words that had been stuck in her throat for what felt like centuries. Not only did she know it to be genuine, she also felt safe sharing her true emotions.
	Her voice, one he had craved these last few days almost more than he had blood in the past, couldn’t have made him happier. Mist struggled to speak as he let her words wash over him before he replied.
	“I love you too.”