    “Girls, come downstairs!”
    A man shouted from the living room, leaving his boots near the door as his daughters could be heard running down the stairs. At least, one of them was running. The white haired kid was the first to see the beautiful woman her father was holding close, a hand on her hip. The shining pearl on her ring finger caught the child’s eye. She wished she could be as tall and wear shiny jewelry too. The woman, noticing the girl’s staring, dug her hand in her pocket. A shorter girl, brown haired, appeared behind the first.
    “Kira, Ami, this is Rayna. Rayna, I told you about my daughters. They’re the sweetest.”
    “Hello, yes, welcome!” Kira exaggerated a nod, smiling widely as if her long messy hair getting in her face amused her even more.
    “I am very happy to meet you both.” Rayna smiled, glancing between the girls.
    Ami was fidgeting quietly.
    “Are you going to be our new mommy?” Kira asked innocently, finally wiping her hair from her face.
    Rayna seemed to panic a little, looking up to the man for help. He rubbed her back gently.
    “Only time will tell,” he responded. “How about we welcome her properly first, and then you two get ready for bedtime, huh?”
    “Okay!” Kira was satisfied. She jumped out of excitement and stepped forward, holding out her arms. “You can give me your coat and your handbag, I will take care of them!”
    “Oh, if you insist,” Rayna handed Kira her small handbag and took off her long tan coat, revealing her curvy body wrapped in a tight red dress.
    Ami held out her arms next to Kira’s. “You’re already carrying the bag, let me do the jacket.”
    Kira shrugged as an answer and walked away.

    Two dozen minutes later, Kira and Ami were sitting in their large bed, each in different colors nightgowns. Ami nibbled on her nails while Kira’s face was stuck to the wall.
    “How long do you think this one is going to last?” she whispered. “She looks pretty. I hope we get to talk to her again.” She felt a slap on the back of her head.
    “You should stop peeking, there’s no point.” Ami mumbled, still nervously trying to bite her nails.
    “I can’t let this hole go to waste though! It’s fun watching. You should be the one to start watching, you’d learn a thing or two.” Kira grinned at her sister, slapping her hands away from her face as payback. “You barely have nails anymore, it’s ugly.”
    “You’re ugly.”
    “No, you!” Kira stuck out her tongue and went back to the tiny hole in the wall. It was small enough to remain unnoticed, but large enough to give her an idea of what was going on. Two adults, sitting on her daddy’s bed, their faces like glued to each other’s. Slowly taking off each other’s clothes, the woman laying down on the very spot mommy took her last breath. Soon they were moving in sync, holding onto each other.
    Kira watched until the end, up until the fight broke out. Rayna was very angry and he tried to comfort her, hold her back, but it wouldn’t work. She pushed him away a lot. Eventually, after arguing about broken things and lies for a while, her father finally did the secret sign. Kira immediately focused all her attention on the woman and clapped as hard as she could, once. An unbearable pain struck her hands, even waking up her sister as she groaned. She couldn’t spy anymore, but she knew her mission was a success when she heard her father laugh.
    “Kira stop being a baby, I want sleep.”
    “Shush, it hurts! I bet it hurts more than dad’s knives. It bleeds more too. Hehe!” Kira wiped her bloody hand on her sister’s nightgown, leaving a bright red stain.
    “Ew, get your hands off me!” Ami bursted out of the bed. “I hate you!”
    “The bed is all mine tonight anyway, I don’t care!” Kira pulled the blanket all around her, not caring about the blood stains in the slightest, and passed out a couple minutes later.
    Ami stood outside her father’s room, watching him double check the knots tying the woman to the bed. Her body was covered with a blanket, her face with tears and her mouth with a piece of shiny red cloth. When she noticed the child, she tried to speak again, maybe shout. All she got in return was a vacant stare. The man punished her with a light tap on the forehead.
    “I thought I said no talking. You need rest.” He maintained her head in place so he could leave a kiss where he just tapped. “You know, it would be so much easier if you cooperated. I know it’s uncomfortable but I have no choice, honey. I need you.” She kept on trying to fight. He sighed, seeing that his words didn’t reach her. “I will be taking the couch, today, then.” As he left the room, he smiled to his daughter “I’m sorry, sweetie, are you having trouble sleeping? Were we too loud?” he chuckled as he glanced one last time at Rayna before closing the door.
    Ami simply turned around and pointed at the blood on her clothes.
    “I see. Did you fight again? It’s okay, how about we sleep together on the couch?” he asked as he lowered himself to give her a light hug.
    Ami shrugged and held his hand as they walked down the stairs. She would have preferred going to bed with clean clothes in her own bed, but she didn’t want to see her sister anyway.

    The next morning, Kira sat in the wet grass in the front yard. She had been using a small branch to play with a rat that had no legs left to run.
    “Gross.” Ami kicked the rat away from her sister, sending it in the middle of the road. “Daddy says you need to come inside the house.”
    Kira stood up quietly, staring at her little test subject and the growing stain on the concrete under it.
    “Why would you do that? We were playing.”
    “It’s a dumb rat. Are you coming?” Ami was cold.
    “Even now it’s more entertaining than you.” Kira pushed her sister with so much strength that she fell. Ami watched her hurry back inside, thinking about how Kira would forget all about the rodent as soon as something slightly entertaining showed up again anyway. As Ami moved her hand to get up, she hit something cold. It was a bloody pocket knife. More precisely, it was their dad’s long lost pocket knife. Ami made it her mission to deliver it to her dad in perfect condition.

    Kira sat on the bed next to her dad’s new victim. She was tasked to watch her while her dad was on an errand. Kira was trying to brush Rayna’s pretty hair, rambling to the woman as she did.
    “I brushed Mommy’s hair when she was pregnant. She liked me doing it… I think. She sang to me a lot, do you know how to sing? I miss her sometimes… but Daddy says she’s happy now. I and Ami are big girls, she’s proud.” She grinned. “And I’ll take good care of you, promise!” She dropped the hairbrush to hold her bandaged hands up, proving she wasn’t crossing her fingers. “You look a lot like Mommy, she had the same hair color. Like Ami, but Ami’s ugly. Mine is from my ancestors. I’m special,” she giggled. “Ami’s so boring. She hates everything. I hate her. Earlier she kicked my friend, and she insulted him. Daddy gets me though.”
    The woman seemed to have calmed down a bit, believing she was safer with the girl. She watched her reach for her curls and play with her hair gently, lost in her own thoughts.
    “Do you think you can make a baby boy for Daddy? Pretty please?” She brought her hands together, pleading. “He really wants us to have a little brother. He says it’s important for families to pass down their name,” she shrugged, going back to Rayna’s hair. “But if you can’t it’s okay, he’ll find a new mommy and I get to play with her too. Maybe he’ll teach Ami. Oh, you know, last time, Daddy wanted her to be the one to send her away but she was too scared of the knife.”
    Rayna’s eyes widened, her situation suddenly being reminded to her. If she thought she might have been able to get them to help her out, she had just lost all hope. They were trained, she wasn’t the first. Not only did he trust little girls alone in the house, they were burdened with the important duty to handle a captive.

    As the weeks passed, their father became more and more restless.
    “Daddy, are you scared she can’t be our mommy?” The man looked up at his daughter and forced a smile.
    “I think you’re the one who’s scared,” he accused as he ruffled her white hair.
    “I’m not! I don’t get scared, I’m not like Ami! She’s the scaredy cat” Kira protested, crossing her arms. As he was about to respond, his phone interrupted him. He immediately reached for it. The young girl watched him become livid, staring at the words on the screen. He threw the phone against the wall as he got up. Kira watched it fall apart, she couldn't hold her grin.
    “Get your sister.” The man stormed out of the living room to head upstairs.
    In no time, the little family was gathered around the bed in the master bedroom. Ami was looking down to her feet, fidgeting behind her back. Kira tried to hush the woman laying on the bed but her muffled cries filled the room. She was fixated on the knife in her ex-lover’s hand. After letting out a heavy sigh, he locked the room, put the key on top of a closet as he passed by, and put his hand on Ami's back. She jumped.
    “It’s time,” he simply stated, handing her the knife.
    The little girl shook her head violently.
    “I know how you feel, but I have to know I can count on you,” he spoke calmly, looking into his daughter’s eyes as he stroked her hair to reassure her.
    She was shaking, completely lost. She glanced over to her sister, who already gave up on shushing the woman, she didn’t want to miss any of what she was about to witness.
    Rayna locked eyes with Ami for a moment. She was terrified, begging to be let out just like herself. Neither of them wanted to be there. Ami reluctantly closed her hand on the cold handle of the weapon. Her father gently guided her closer to the bed, placing her facing the side of Rayna’s body. Kira uncovered the crying woman, revealing her rounded belly.
    “You had one job, Rayna. All I wanted from you was a baby boy, why is it that none of you bitches can conceive a damn boy? Is it really too much to ask?” He sighed once more, trying to contain his anger. “Anyway, let’s get this over with, shall we?”
    Ami slowly nodded, shaking as she raised the knife above the agitated woman. She was desperately trying to move away from the child. Her wrists and ankles were already bruised from these past weeks and made it harder for her to move. Ami closed her eyes as she tried not to cry, standing there for what felt like an eternity. All of a sudden, her hands were pushed down. Something soft resisted the blade but not nearly enough. When she opened her eyes, all Ami could see was blood. She heard her father shouting in the background, more muffled noises, cries, laughs? She couldn’t tell anymore. She let go of the knife planted straight inside the woman's tummy. If there was a life in there before, it was gone. Ami stumbled backwards and fell on the floor, where she sat sobbing as her sister happily took her place.

    A couple of hours later, Ami was looking at herself in the mirror. She knew her face was clean but she couldn’t help seeing the blood all over it again.
    “You’re such a baby,” Kira mocked her, “it really isn’t that bad, and I’m the one who ended up doing it. I’m even getting grounded because of you. Daddy said he’ll give you another chance next time,” she laughed, “but I think we all know how it’ll end up.”
    “There’s only one person in this world I would kill” Ami muttered under her breath, not expecting her sister to hear it.
    “Who? Me? I’ll kill you first!” Kira giggled.
    Ami thought about it, realizing she meant two.
    “I meant Dad.”
