	“Again?”
The word echoed in Moon’s mind like a church bell. She stared at the piece of chocolate she held between her fingers. It shattered when Lisy spoke again.
	“Pretty sure you’ve had enough for at least a month.”
	“Go back to sleep, I’m about to head out,” Moon sighed, hoping that Lisy would leave her be. Unfortunately, it never was that easy.
	“Is it a date?” Lisy questioned even though she knew the answer, she watched as Moon threw away the candy wrapper. “Did you finally ask her out, and she said yes? You’re going to watch a horror movie and cuddle while screaming in fear?” Lisy laughed. Not because of her joke, Moon knew that. “I’m just kidding, I know you’d never have the guts.”
	“Hilarious.” Moon responded clearly unamused as she brushed her long dark hair into low twintails.
	“I know.”
Though she wasn’t really breathing, she could tell Lisy mimicked taking a deep breath.
“Anyway, now that you’ve stuffed your face, you’re letting me hit the gym, right?”
	“Like I said, I have plans. The gym can wait.”
	“Of course that’s what you think,” Lisy rolled her imaginary eyes.
	“Lisy, please,” Moon begged out loud. “It won’t take more than an hour. You can go off and punch everything you want then. I just need to pick up a few things at the store,” she pleaded. Lisy’s silence weighed on her. “It’s not food,” Moon defended herself from her quiet judgment.
	“Better not fucking be.”

	Whether Lisy had gone back to sleep or was observing her every move, Moon didn’t know, but she treasured the absence of a commentary as she picked up her order. It was already getting dark when she started heading back. She walked down the street with a smile on her face thinking about how excited Ela would be when she gave her the gift.
However, her daydreaming was interrupted when she heard the faint sound of a muffled scream. She perked up and her ears rotated towards the noise, instantly noticing the ominous alley on the other side of the road. That was where it had come from, she knew it.
	Dodging cars, she began sprinting across the road without hesitation.
	“Are you trying to get us killed?” Lisy groaned.
	“Someone needs help,” Moon yelled. As she reached the alley, a slender silhouette was stumbling towards her. A young woman, not much older than herself, jumped at Moon screaming for help.
	“Please! He was- He- Oh god, help me!”
	“It's okay, it's okay! I got you, you're safe!” Moon tried to comfort her, unsure what even happened down there. She squinted into the darkness as she held the woman tightly. A man was running off deeper into the street. Moon shivered thinking about what could have happened to her. She tightened her grip on the sobbing mess, relieved that she was safe and sound.
	“What are you doing?” Lisy insulted.
	“What?”
	“Aren't you gonna chase him?”
	“He's too far already, I have no way to restrain him-”
	“You know I can.”
	“No, we’re alone, it’s too dang-.”
	“I don’t need backup.”
	“Lisy, stop! They’re calling the police and she's okay.”
	“The fuck she's not, are you insane? You think she's the only one? The last one? Moon, how about justice? I thought you wanted peace? Why are you making excuses now?”
	Moon tried to ignore Lisy’s yelling. She knew she didn't care about the girl, all she wanted was a punching bag. Deep inside her, like in a void, Moon could feel Lisy’s anger rising like lava, ready to engulf her. Moon attempted to tune her out as she was helping the young woman stand with a few other people who had noticed the commotion and walked over to offer some assistance. Lisy kept on screaming.
	“Moon. Chase him. Coward. You don’t deserve to live, you selfish fucking bitch. You’re gonna let a criminal get away and call yourself a good person? Moon! MOON!”
Her heart–no, their heart was beating fast, to the rhythm of Lisy's voice.
	For a moment, Moon hesitated. Did Lisy truly care? Would it really be better to chase the figure, hurt him back? She had no doubt Lisy was capable of catching up to him and restraining him, but the seething rage betrayed her intentions. Moon lost herself in her own thoughts. Lisy’s fury scared her.

	Within an instant, Lisy disappeared into the darkness. The woman's soft cries faded and her quick steps became the only sound that resonated in the lonely, forgotten street. After only two turns, she was forced to stop as she reached a dead end. She scanned the walls surrounding her listening closely for any sound. There was no wind but a piece of a fence guarding a broken down store was still making a soft grinding sound as the waving back and forth stopped slowly. Lisy got closer and pulled on it, revealing a wide opening. She went in.
	As quietly as she could, she advanced into what seemed like an old shoe store. A bright white beam highlighted the outline of the office door, the only source of light. When she heard the sound of a man panting, she couldn't help but smile despite the sweet smell of rot becoming stronger and stronger. Her time had come. Of course, she could restrain him and call the police; her roses were perfect for that kind of work. But what would be the fun in that?
	A thin branch poked out of her ankle as she pushed the door open with her foot.
	It took him a moment to notice her. He dropped his cigarette and aimed his phone's flashlight at her, almost blinding her if she hadn’t covered her eyes.
	“Well, well, look what we have here," he tried a grin but was visibly confused by her presence and satisfied look. “You lost, kid?”
	“Seems not,” Lisy stepped closer. “You're the loser who got beat up by a girl just now.” She pointed at the fresh scratches across his face, obvious even in the dark. “I’m here for round two.”
	Before he had time to say anything else, she eagerly punched him in the face. He fell back and her roses closed around him all at once. He seemed confused and in pain, but the branches made quick work to cover his mouth. She didn't care for his whining.
	“I've been waiting for an opportunity like this,” she laughed, barely able to keep her excitement to herself as she positioned herself for the next hit. “A living piece of trash for a punching bag!” More plants sprouted out of each wrist, quickly covering her hands with thorny gloves. She threw another punch, this time causing his face to begin bleeding. “I'm almost sorry you’re the first one I found.” She ignored the muffled pleads, blind to the fear in his eyes as she kept on hitting him over and over. “But how am I supposed to feel guilt when you would have killed that woman–or worse–without any?”
	Eventually, the disfigured man quit resisting. She let him drop to the floor in a puddle of his own blood as she retracted her roses. 
	“Lisy?” Moon's shaky voice echoed in her mind. “What… What did you do?”
	“He's still alive,” she responded with a sigh. “You won’t let me leave him to bleed out, will you?”
	Lisy used her own flashlight to get out of the disgusting building and finally made the call as she made her way out of the dirty street.
	“To answer your question; I took control from you, tracked him down and gave him a taste of your beloved justice.” Lisy pulled on Moon’s pink hair ties to free her long blonde hair from the low ponytails, enjoying the gentle evening wind. When she finally noticed the blood stains on her hands, she quickly dug them into the pockets of her jacket and picked up her pace.
	“How…?” Moon was still in shock and terrified of what her life would become now that her desperate attempts at taking control of her own body were fruitless. For the first time, she experienced what Lisy’s whole life had been like. She was forced to watch herself walk past the gift bag she had left behind earlier, too confused to tell Lisy to grab it and too weak to do it herself.
	“You know how,” Lisy shrugged. “I'm just stronger. It's okay, I'm not planning on ruining your precious little hero dreams,” she reassured. “But you need my strength to make them come true.”
