    Everything around her was so loud that it was almost deafening but it didn’t matter. In fact, nothing did. The room was filled with dark smoke –the smell would have been sickening for anyone else, yet they all were numb to it. Ember melted further into Luke’s arms, nuzzling against his chest. She felt him take his smoke to his lips, inhale deeply. He tilted his head backwards as he let his arm fall softly on the dirty armrest of the couch and exhaled slowly. She detached herself from him so she could grab one of the candy-shaped pieces of heaven that were laying around the table. However, she was pulled by her hair right back on the couch.
    “What are you doing?” Luke asked, not loosening her grip on her, instead pulling harder when he saw her wincing.
    “I just–” She pointed at the pink gummy as she moaned softly from the pain. Ember looked over to him from the corner of her eyes, she saw him bring his cigarette to her lips. She took a deep breath as she grinned at the idea of the indirect kiss.

    Ember exhaled the smoke and watched it disappear into the night. She quickly glanced at the man snoring loudly inside his apartment. He had been good to her in the past few days but she still didn’t feel a thing. Could she even trust him? He could turn on her whenever, she wouldn’t see it coming. At the end of the day, she felt more towards his drugs than him. Nothing could replace all that she had lost. She couldn’t help but smile as she thought about Luke.

    When he finally walked in, Ember excitedly rushed up to Luke to hug him. She held him tightly but to her surprise, he didn’t reciprocate at all this time. He held his arms up as if waiting for her to be done. She took the hint, stepping away from him.
    “Is everything okay?” she worried. There was no response. Instead, Luke clenched his fists while exhaling loudly. “I’m sorry…” Ember was confused “Did I do something wrong?”
    Next thing she knew, she was on the ground holding her cheek. It hurt, it hurt more than she could remember ever hurting.
    “Oh, that finally shut you up? I almost forgot you’re a filthy whore, that’s how you’re used to getting treated.”
    All she could do was try to process what had just happened. She didn’t understand why he would attack her. This was way harder than he had ever hit her, she didn’t enjoy it in the slightest. This wasn’t play fighting or a joke, it didn’t feel like the good kind of hurt that she liked. She was tearing up when she looked at the man she treasured, the man mocking her.
    “What a crybaby, are you going to run to your mommy, now? Yeah, right, the one that didn’t even want you in the first place?”
    Ember shamefully looked down. He very well knew that this was very personal and painful to her. He continued laughing while she sobbed.
    “Are you just going to sit there?”
    She had wanted to get up and run off, but she hurt her leg when she fell and didn’t feel like he should know.
    She wouldn’t have a choice either way because he grabbed her upper arm and strands of her long hair with it. “Stop being a baby.” He tried getting her up but when it failed, he opted for the dragging method.
    “Luke, stop!” Ember finally begged between her tears. “Stop it, please! It hurts! My hair! I can– I can follow you, stop! Luke!” She clawed at him but even then, she still didn’t want to hurt him. He tightened his grip, making her scream. “You’re really hurting me, please!”
    He decided that this wasn’t worth the effort and threw her into the nearest corner. Luke kneeled over her and held her face up, she had no choice but to look him in the eyes.
    “Here’s the deal. I do not need your, I don’t know, dog behavior every time I walk in. I’m busy, I’m stressed, I’m tired and you make everything worse. All you’re good at is being a brainless sex toy, how pathetic is that? I can tell you’ve got daddy issues, everyone can, okay? Now get your fat ass up and out of my fucking house.”

    Ember quietly closed the door. She knew she was supposed to feel bad. That’s why she left a note, it simply said ‘sorry’ and was stuffed in the same drawer that used to hold colorful pills. They were in her bag now, and she would be back home long before he would even notice. He knew nothing about her, not because she had planned this –she hadn’t– but because this was yet another failed attempt at getting away. She couldn’t erase the doubts, couldn’t find the spark. Most importantly, she still missed Luke despite everything. The lies, the abuse, the cheating, the way he had molded her into a woman she didn’t recognize. She would put it all behind them in a heartbeat if only he would look at her again the same way he did when he claimed that he loved her.
    Alas, she was alone once more. She walked to the station, stayed up all night on the train trying to look past her reflection into the darkness, then finally walked into the house she had grown up in when the sun began rising. It was empty and unbearably quiet. She turned on the speakers in her room as soon as she was past her door. Maybe, just maybe, the music would help her forget how alone she was. She laid on her bed, staring at the same ceiling that seemed so out of reach only a couple of years ago. The magic had been flushed out of everything.
    She grabbed a pill out of the bag she left on the floor but paused for a moment as she examined it. Did she really want it? What was even stopping her from taking all of them? She couldn’t find an answer. Regardless, she opted for just one more.