    A knock on the door resonated inside the room. Kishi sighed, turning her chair to face the door. She motioned to her servant and he swiftly reached for the handle. As the door opened, Gwen couldn’t help but smile. She cheerfully entered the room having no idea why she had been requested. She only assumed Kishi wanted to see her.
    “Kishi! I’m so happy to see you!” She softly clapped her hands as a way to contain her excitement. She was already making her way to the desk and placing her coat and bag on one of the upholstered chairs. “It really feels like it’s been so long, right? It’s just been so busy recently. You’ll never guess what happened just a few days ago!” She sat on the second chair, right in front of Kishi. She grabbed the glass seemingly prepared for her but winced after swallowing. It was more bitter than she had expected so she put the glass down quickly. Kishi only looked past her. Although she usually at least faked a little bit of interest, just enough to satisfy her energetic cousin, she couldn’t bring herself to even pretend. It pained her to even look at Gwen, let alone smile in her presence.
    “Ash, wait outside.”
    “I like him, but girls need girl time, am I right?” Gwen couldn’t have read the room if there was a bright red sign in front of her eyes. It annoyed Kishi, but she was used to it by now. All she could do was spell it out for her.
    “Gwendolyn.” Kishi began as soon as the wooden door closed behind the servant.
    Gwen immediately became pale, she was stunned, suddenly feeling so small in the expensive seat. Her mouth went dry, she didn’t want to speak another word anymore. She wanted out of there yet couldn’t move. Kishi knew exactly how she felt about her name. It carried too much pain and Kishi's serious tone did anything but help.
    “I know what you are,” Kishi claimed, her voice low as she was still extremely disappointed.
    She turned around and slowly walked over to the window, Gwen’s eyes glued to her back. Kishi admired her property for a moment. It was surrounded by large trees, giving her all the privacy she needed. She raised her voice as she opened the curtains to let the light in fully. 
    “You won’t have to hide it anymore, not ever.”
    “Kishi?” Gwen managed to whisper. “I don’t know… I don’t understand. What are you talking about?”
    “I’m honestly surprised you’ve managed to keep it from me for so long. But you should’ve taken care of it as soon as you found out. Now I have to clean up your mess, like usual.” Kishi shook her head before finally facing her cousin, staring right into her teary eyes. “You know exactly what this is about. And you will not under any circumstances leave this room without my permission or try to use your ability against me or anyone else in the next…” she considered an appropriately safe time. “Three hours. Understood?”
    Gwen nodded and her cousin glanced aside.
    “Kishi, I don’t know what you’re saying. I haven’t kept anything…” The realization came to her as she tried to defend herself, causing her voice to crack “...from you.”
    Gwen looked down in shame. She had been naive to think that she could change herself before she found out. She had tried but she couldn’t help herself. Men didn’t make her feel anything like Kishi did, not even close. Living together with her was the happiest she had ever been. She had only borrowed some of her clothes to try them on but the idea of Kishi wearing them just days prior made her so happy. For years now, she had been aware that something was wrong with her and she had been trying to fix it. She hated herself just as much as Kishi did her.
    “Are you done lying to my face yet?” Kishi had tried to keep her cool but there was no point anymore. “You useless, braindead piece of shit.” Her heels clacked on the marble ground, each one seeming to resonate louder to Gwen who could just feel the walls closing in on her. 
    “I’m sorry,” Gwen’s voice was shaky, “I swear I tried to-”
    “Oh please, I don’t give a damn about your excuses. Look at me, bitch!” Kishi yelled.
    Gwen looked up, expecting to get hit. Instead, Kishi stood over her desk, looking down on her with more disgust than she had ever seen, even more so than there had been in her father’s eyes. She would rather have been slapped, however this was the furthest thing from Kishi’s mind. They both were raised the same way with the same loathing, like “those” people weren’t even worth a look, a word, a care in the world. They deserved pain and death but only inflicted from a distance. Letting them so close to you that you could touch them was a repulsive idea.
    “Listen carefully and do exactly as I say.” Kishi commanded. “You are going to get a dagger out of your bag and use it to spell L-E-Z-Z-I-E on our arm. Every stroke has to bleed. Now.”
    Gwen, without hesitation, pulled one of her blades out of a side pocket of her bag and got to work. Hardly even aware of what she was doing, Gwen cut herself over and over again until a puddle of blood had formed around the previously off-white chair and the slur was carved into her skin.
    When she came back to her senses, she couldn't help but scream out of pain and sob. She dropped the knife on the floor and tried to cover her arm with her coat but it didn't help much with the bleeding, the fabric was quickly getting soaked instead. She attempted to beg, her words pretty much impossible to decipher. Her cousin didn't budge –she watched her struggle with absolutely no intention of helping her.
    In fact, Gwen could barely see it through the tears but Kishi was smiling for the first time today. Despite the years they had spent together, she was completely detached. It was like watching a circus freak show. She enjoyed observing the creature destroy itself.
    “You are pathetic. I can’t believe I let you in my mansion. I actually let you live with me from the goodness of my heart,” she chuckled at her own naivety and her lie. She should've noticed the signs, she simply never really paid that much attention to Gwen. “It's not even that, I just wanted to get back at my parents. If only I had known,” she sighed. “I’d have left you to die with your father. He was right to torture you. You’re not worth a single penny.”
    “Kishi… I-” Gwen tried speaking but the pain was too much. She couldn’t do anything but hope she could get help as she cried her eyes out. She had started shaking pretty violently and breathed fast. The room almost felt distorted, the door was unreachable and made her feel stuck, alone. 
    “Yeah, yeah, yeah, it’s always Kishi, Kishi, Kishi. You need to get my name out of your dirty mouth, things like you are not worthy of even saying it. Now I get it, you know? The whole reason why you’ve been so obsessed. It’s…” The thought of it brought a grimace to Kishi’s face “I can’t even.” Kishi waved off the idea. She glanced at the blood still pouring from the self-inflicted wounds. “I’ll have to get these chairs replaced and the floor redone I suppose. Oh well.”
    Kishi got up, careful not to taint her couture heels in the red liquid. She checked the clock above the door before walking over to the cabinet.
    “By the way, what you drank was poison,” Kishi announced as she selected a bottle. “You will probably survive it, but it causes extreme pain for a very, very long time. Now, I do have a cure. Well, I also have a double dose of poison.” She calmly poured herself a generous glass of red wine, ignoring Gwen’s pleading. She pulled two syringes from the cabinet and pretended to inspect them. “Awh, that’s too bad. They look exactly the same and I don’t remember which is which. Guess you’ll have to gamble.”
    Kishi tossed the syringes in Gwen’s general direction. She tried to catch them but her body twitched, causing her to miss. Gwen got on the floor, crawling to reach the one closest to her.
    “I’ve seen your father test this stuff on some random brainwashed kids. Almost made me feel bad for them, they were begging to be put down. Apparently, it makes them feel like they’re burning alive for hours. The screams…” she paused for a moment as she thought back to her experience as a visitor. “It was… Something else.”

    Kishi took a long sip as Gwen stared at the tube in her shaky hands. She was terrified but she understood that looking for any sign of compassion from Kishi was a lost cause. She began coughing violently, her throat felt like it was on fire, in fact she would have believed it if she was told that her insides were melting away. The fit finally calmed down after she coughed up blood, though it was barely visible as the ground was smeared with it already.
    “Must feel pretty bad already, huh?” Kishi’s voice was loud, menacing. She had craved her love for so long but in the end, this was all she would ever get. “The cure will make it just go away in just an instant. The double dose is pretty much guaranteed to kill you instantly, though. No suffering.”
    Her vision was blurry now, the sun was too bright for her to handle. She was overwhelmed by the noise too, she could only assume it to be Kishi’s heels on the floor and her sipping on her wine but she couldn’t focus on any of her senses. Gwen was gripping the syringe as tight as she could. This was already too much. There was no way she could handle hours of this.
    The shaking turning into spasms made it hard to aim for her body but after two failed attempts, she successfully stabbed her leg with the needle and pushed on the plunger.

    Kishi swirled her glass softly while Gwen lost control over her body quickly, powerlessly convulsing. Her body continued to stretch in ways that Kishi hadn’t seen before. She hit her head on the furniture multiple times but those didn’t cause the cracking noises that Kishi heard –those were her bones. She couldn’t be sure that she was still fully conscious, but she did notice her eyes seemingly looking for her and groans escaping her mouth as if she was trying to speak. She could only really drool at that point. Kishi tried to determine a path where she could avoid touching any of Gwen’s fluids. She did her best to walk along the wall, one foot in front of the other and managed to make it to the door. She exited the room without looking back at Gwen at reaching out to her as best she could.

    “She shouldn’t be able to exit the room if she somehow survived, but once the noise stops completely just go in there and check her pulse.” Kishi instructed her servant. “She won’t use her ability either, so don’t be shy. If she still is alive, give her the filled syringe that’s laying on the floor somewhere. That should be enough to finish her off. When you’re sure she’s gone for good, call the cleaning company. No one else enters that room.” She sighed looking at her clothes. “I still need a bath and some of that antidote, the bitch was coughing all over the place.”