    It was a day like any other at work for FC, one where she had mostly been busying herself with neatly folding shirts on the table displays nearest to the entrance, hoping to be able to welcome someone in. The mall was quieter on week days, most of her conversations had been simple comments thrown around by the rest of the staff. They weren’t expecting anyone else so late, thus she was focused on sweeping the floor when she heard laughter coming from the walkway outside. It sounded like a couple, probably coming from the restaurant and heading towards the exit. She looked up with a bright smile when they reached the entrance and was pleasantly surprised to see the young woman stop dead in her tracks and pull her boyfriend back by his arm when he failed to notice.
    “Pookie! Hold on!” She yelled excitedly, pointing up at the storefront sign. “This is the place I was telling you about! Come on, let’s go!” She reached for his hand but when she saw he was still holding various shopping bags, she gave up and rushed inside without him.
    “Good evening!” FC greeted the girl cheerfully as she got a little closer. “Let me know if you need help finding anything.”
    The customer shifted towards FC but missed a step, tripping and catching herself on a display while knocking over some shorts and accessories. FC quickly crouched to grab a belt before it rolled away too far, she was about to open her mouth when the boyfriend chimed in to scold her, though it sounded more like a whine.
    “Gwen, watch where you’re going.”
    “What gives you the right–” She rolled her eyes and turned to face the worker. “Whatever, if this wasn’t in the middle of the store maybe nobody would get fucking hurt.”
    “I am so sorry, are you alright?” FC apologized profusely as she walked up to them.
    Gwen was speechless for a second, she stared at FC’s face in surprise now that she could see it better, a treatment FC was used to. She simply gazed into her emerald eyes with a polite smile.
    “Did you get hurt?” The guy asked, trying to get a good look at her. Gwen was pulled out of this trance and took a step back to go around the display to avoid FC before walking deeper into the store.
    “Just wait for me outside. If my hands hurt later I’ll sue this stupid place.”
    FC shared a knowing look with one of the staff members as they both watched the black haired woman from opposite sides. She forced herself to focus on the display once her coworker began to engage with her. When FC bent down to grab the messed up pile of shorts, the girl’s boyfriend mumbled an apology under his breath. She jumped, not expecting him to still be standing there.
    “Oh!” She laughed lightly standing up with the clothing in her arms. “You scared the shorts off me, gosh. Nothing to apologize for.”
    The guy grinned at her joke and seemingly was unable to stop himself from looking down at her pants to see how true it was. She saw him shift his gaze to his feet as if that was what he meant to do, turn around then awkwardly walk out of the store, seemingly struggling to keep his balance because of all the bags.
    She couldn’t hear them clearly from the front but this ‘Gwen’ was getting heated. FC finished rearranging the display, then grabbed the broom and dustpan she had been using and all that was left for her to do was go put them away in the back. She opted for a detour that would allow her to dodge the woman and her coworker.
    “–there’s nothing I can do. It was a limited item and we’re sold out.” Her coworker was sweating, having been trying to explain this concept for a while now.
    “Then order more, what the FUCK is wrong with you?” Gwen shouted, trying to get in his face as he backed away.
    “We can’t, there was a limited supply available, and it’s all gone. Maybe someone might resell theirs online?” He suggested, but this was not at all what she wanted to hear.
    “The ad said there was over a goddamn week left, it was a lie? You know I can sue for that, right? RIGHT?” She was screaming now, and he was running out of ways to explain without sounding like he doubted her intellect.
    “No! Like I said, it was until next week or until we’re out, and unfortunately we ran out earlier than expected.” He was practically begging her to leave him alone. “I’m really sorry ma’am, I just work here, I don’t control those things.”
    “That doesn’t make any fucking sense. I want it NOW!” Gwen let out a frustrated scream and attempted to push the worker into a display. For a split second as he tried to keep his balance, he locked eyes with FC who had frozen in place.

    “GET-THE-FUCK-OUT-OF-HERE!”
    A man in a long white coat had just pushed a younger woman outside the door so violently that she had fallen and hit the opposite wall of the hallway. She immediately looked down at her lap where she fidgetted with the border of her long blouse. She remembered nothing of this place or the people around her, only that she had woken up in a machine moments ago and that the screaming man with messy black hair was thoroughly disappointed with something. She was confused but had been amazed with the odd place she found herself in initially, only for this man to begin screaming at anything that moved.
    “Grey!” He lamented loudly, stomping towards her.
    His strong hand grabbed her arm and pulled on it, marking a pause as he inspected the symbol on her forearm before forcing her off the side of the bed by pulling some more to show off her skin to the rest of the people in the room. Her skin was in fact pale, much more so than seemingly everyone else. His grip tightened further and she struggled to control her voice.
    “How the fuck, and I mean how the FUCK did THIS–” He pulled a file off a nearby table and showed it to the few around the room, but FC couldn’t see as it was turned away from her. “–turn into THIS?!” As he pulled again, her chest began hurting almost as much.
    “Mister Hea-” A brave man tried to speak up but was immediately shut down.
    “NO!” He placed the file back facing down and let go of her arm to walk up to the poor man. “I do not want to hear another word out of your mouth, do you understand?” He grabbed him by the tie, pulling him closer as if he meant to whisper in his ear.
    He did not whisper.
    “You, oh you have failed me one too many times. You are FIRED.”
    The pain in his ear seemed to quickly be outmatched by terror.
    “No, please! No!”
    He begged but within seconds of his former boss letting him loose, he was forcefully escorted outside by a pair of much stronger men than him. FC lowered her head but she could tell he had shifted his attention towards her again.
    “Now, of course,” he chuckled trying to regain his composure, “we will be moving forward with the tests, to make sure nothing else is, well, fucking grey I guess.” He let out a heavy sigh. “I want to know exactly how this happened and as always, a detailed report on her capabilities. You can already record this: F-C-twenty-five is a massive-fucking-failure. This version will be discarded as soon as the evaluations are done. I do not want to see this… abomination –if that can even begin to describe it– again.”
    When she dared to look up, she saw loathing in the man’s green eyes as he scanned her one last time. The repulsion, the pure hatred he had for her, he didn’t care to hide. She was nothing to him. Less than nothing, like being ‘discarded’ was a favor he was granting not only herself but the entire world.
    The tears flowed then. She did not want to die.

    As Gwen stormed out purposefully knocking over more displays and whatever merchandise they held, FC noticed her messy black hair flying around her. The darkness engulfed FC.

    “Promise me you’ll be okay!”
    FC couldn’t help but smile at her pleading coworker.
    “Okay, but only if you promise you’ll ask five more times just to be sure,” she chuckled, “I feel better, okay? It’s nothing to worry about.”
    The young woman sighed, forced to believe FC since they had reached her bus stop.
    “Okay, fine. I’ll see you tomorrow, then?”
    “I’ll show up late just to worry you.” FC stuck out her tongue as she walked away.
    “You! You better not.”
    FC waved goodbye as she resumed her walk back to her apartment.
    She hadn’t been lying, all the attention she received from her worried coworkers made everything go away. That girl brought feelings back to the surface somehow but FC was able to see past the negativity. These people, even if their friendship really only extended to the workplace, showed care about her well-being. That was something much more worth thinking about.
    As she walked down the hallway to her door, she could already hear noises from inside. Her smile only widened seeing Roxy force the door opened with her nose as soon as she’d turned the handle. The fluffy dog jumped at her best friend with all the love she could muster, knocking FC on her butt in the process.
    “Yes, I’m back!” She laughed as she scratched the dog’s head. “I missed you too, Rox.”
    The giant dog excitedly ran back into the small apartment only to start making circles.
    “Alright, let me get cozy, we’ll go for a walk in a little bit.”
    FC watched Roxy lay down on the floor and wag her tail wildly before sitting down on her bed as well and taking off her work shoes. She let herself fall backwards then grabbed her phone. She bit her lower lip, staring at the screen, hesitating. Her gaze shifted between the ceiling light of the kitchen and the icon of an app. The tasteless, supposedly healthy food in her fridge was anything but appetizing. Plus, she had been struggling to fall asleep recently and was more tired than usual at work.
    “I deserve a treat, don’t I? It’s been a while.” Roxy jumped on the bed next to her owner. “I guess there might not even be anyone kicking the bucket right now, it doesn’t hurt to check. Does it?”
    The dog barked softly and laid down again, setting her head on FC’s stomach. She idly rubbed the dog’s soft head as she started skimming through hundreds of messages.

            “Can anyone try calling pink? He hung up on me and hes not picking up
            Im worried about him”

    FC smiled at the new message notifications. She focused and a moment later, she was sliding into her platform boots while Roxy happily jumped all over the place. FC grabbed an oversized black jacket that covered the bag she had around her shoulder entirely. Hood on, phone in hand, she followed the directions with Roxy by her side.
    “Lucky he lives within walking distance," FC mumbled. They were close enough that she could see the dirty street sign now, so she traded her phone for the swiss knife in her back pocket. “But we might…” she paused, realizing she had lost the ability to track ‘Pink’. She sighed. “Nevermind, I guess he did make it this time.”
    Once they reached the house with a front yard that clearly hadn’t been tended to in years, she got the dog’s attention with a quiet snap in front of her face before bringing her index to her mouth.
    “Quiet now, love,” she whispered.
    Both of them walked around the house quietly. When FC found a window, she motioned to the dog to sit and wait. She peeked inside the room, noticing a skinny young man with bright pink hair curled up on the floor. She slowly lifted up the glass and climbed inside. Although she felt guilty, she couldn’t help but be a little disappointed.
    “Not a lot of meat on these bones, huh?” she muttered to herself as she knelt next to his body and let out a chuckle when she noticed he had been wearing a yellow shirt. “Heh, pencil.”
    She did her best to avoid touching any body liquids as she tore a hole in his pants to reveal his thigh. She shaved part of the hair to get it out of the way before she began cutting into his flesh. She got as much of it as she could, as fast as she could, knowing that others were already aware of what he might try –though her rune did give her a significant advantage over other online friends.
    “Sorry, man.”
    She sighed, sealing the raw meat into a plastic bag before storing it inside of her cooler bag. She licked her fingers clean and immediately, her smile was back.
    “You’ll make a great meal, at least.”
    She checked her hood was still on when she climbed out and rewarded Roxy with some gentle scratches on the chin.
    “Let’s get you a snack on the way home, alright?”