	“Tonight is your turn.”
    Kade rolled his eyes when his brother flicked his forehead as if to get him out of his thoughts. It worked.
    “If you say so.” Kade sighed as he adjusted his gloves and coat.
    He stepped out of the carriage reluctantly but paid no mind to his sibling who was laughing some more. In the darkness, he approached the estate slowly and confidently, feeling no other eyes on him. After a deep breath, he knocked on the damaged wooden door softly and waited. Inside, he heard noises he could only assume was a chair being pushed against the flooring and steps getting closer. The door cracked open on a middle aged man’s worried face which lit up instantly when he recognized the young man standing in the rain.
    “My Lord, please come in!” He hastily removed the rusty chain that kept him and his family safe. “I am so sorry, I did not expect your visit!”
    “I would not hold it against you, good sir, I understand.” As he was allowed in, Kade glanced around the small home. It reminded him of how he and his family used to live; miserably. Kade turned to face the man, and interrupted him as he was closing the door. “Tell me, you do have children, do you not?”
    “Emma and little Mary are sleeping but I can wake them for you. They would be so very grateful to meet you in person!” Kade grabbed him by the arm before he could leave.
    “No, no, I couldn’t ask you to disturb them. Let them rest. I would like to meet your wife, however, if that’s alright?”
    “Of course!”
    Kade placed a finger on his lips. “Shh, let’s not wake the girls.”
    The man nodded at Kade’s reminder before quickly disappearing into what seemed to be the bedroom.
    As he listened to the soft whispering of the older man, Kade pushed the door open.
    “We are so sorry to keep you waiti-” the old man stopped in his tracks as he and his wife exited the bedroom, him who was so excited suddenly confused at the figure standing in front of his small collection of glass.
    “My… Lord?” his wife asked, still a foot in her dreams.
    “Who…?” The man was perplexed.
    Before either of them could utter another word, their throats were cut open almost in unison. Kade walked over to the door, held it for his mother then closed it again. His siblings were already attempting to suck the blood out of the open wounds.
    “Have some manners, you animals.” Their mother hissed and immediately, they stopped and apologized. Their faces were already painted red. “Get this hag out of my way instead, will you?”
    The twins hurried and moved the woman’s body to make a path to the bedroom. Soon, the three siblings were left to decide how to split their food. Neither of them truly wanted to discuss their mother’s appetite.
    “I’ll take him,” Kade announced before dragging the dead man away to have a little privacy. They both shrugged, seeing no point in arguing as they knew Kade usually took the skinnier adult so that they could share more comfortably. As approached the entrance door however, he noticed the knob turning.
    He reacted quickly, cloaking the place with his gift. A young woman, supposedly an older daughter, walked into the residence quietly, oblivious to the tragedy in the darkness. As soon as she put the chain in place, Kade trapped her in a tight embrace, grabbed her by her neck and jumped at her throat without hesitation. His sharp teeth dug into her skin like butter and the blood filled his mouth as she tried to push him away, her screams muffled by his body. She was helpless against his superior strength. Kade pulled away to take a break, enjoy the delicacy a little longer. That was when he saw her face, life pouring out of her. She was barely hanging on. With the last of her strength, she looked into the dark eyes of her murderer before taking her final breath.

    “Kade…”
    “Don't speak, you need to save your energy,” he coughed hard, his throat burning as it was slowly torn away. “The doctor should be here soon.”
    “Kade, please…”
    The young woman attempted to keep him from checking through the dirty window if he could see any new lights heading towards them. He had been anxiously waiting for hours.
    “Listen…” she pleaded. It pained her to speak, Kade could tell. He knew her pain, though only a fraction of it for now. He rushed back to her side to sit on the floor next to the old mattress she laid on.
    “Don't… forget… Take care… sister”
    “No, no, no, you're going to get better.” Kade held her hand tightly and kissed it over and over. “Please, rest. I can't…” The tears were harder to swallow, now. “I can't say goodbye.” He knew she had wanted to live so badly. There were hundreds of things she never got to do. “This can’t… It won’t, it won’t be the end, I promise.” He gently rubbed her cheek, caressed her forehead. The only response she could muster was a weak smile.
    “I… love you.” She couldn’t help but close her eyes.
    “I love you too! Please, don't fall asleep,” he begged, “they'll get here any moment. You'll be okay. You’ll be okay.”
    Her arm grew heavier and heavier, and then she stopped responding.
    No amount of shaking, crying, begging, praying could bring her back. She was gone. His only comfort that night, as he held her cold body tightly, was that he would join her shortly.

    Kade’s eyes widened as the sickly sweet smell of the denial of his eternal peaceful rest came right back to haunt him, his entire being hurting in a way he couldn’t possibly explain. In a panic and hurry to get out of the confined house, he threw the body across the room and stormed outside, where his tears could be confused with rain and his cries could be lost.
    There were no traces left of him when his siblings came out to check on him.