    Nyx stood in silence on the sideroad, trying to ignore the noise of the cars speeding to get to work on time. None of them cared, or had ever cared about the dozen “Missing Child” posters hung around the city. Not a single one of them knew how important he was to her, how much she needed him back. Ever since he was gone, she felt empty. When his parents called hers to ask if he stopped at her house, she thought it might have been a bad joke. It wasn’t. He was gone and no one cared enough to find him.
    She looked at the last poster, it was barely hanging on to the pin. The ink had faded and the picture looked nothing like him anymore. She effortlessly ripped it off the street lamp with a sigh. It joined the rest of them in her plastic bag. She stuffed the bag in the nearest bin before heading to school.

    “Where the hell have you been? Did you sleep in or something? The math teacher was furious.” Her friends seemed worried as they gathered around her, but she wasn’t at all.
    “You all were just early,” Nyx smirked. “Who cares anyway, it’s not like a math test is going to ruin my life.”
    “It’s not just one…” One of them muttered. She ignored it. She went to sit on a nearby bench, but as she was about to lay her tail on her lap, she realized how dirty it had gotten from being dragged in the dirt earlier.
    “Oh, man, what did you even do to get it so filthy?” A male classmate asked this with a sad look on his face.
    “I don’t know, maybe if you were my boyfriend I’d let you clean it and make sure it stays clean,” Nyx responded with an innocent smile. She tilted her head, waiting for his reaction.
    There was a moment of silence. Her classmates exchanged looks of uncertainty. After what she had gone through, this was the last thing any of them would have expected to come out of her mouth. However, he was so excited that he didn’t waste any time.
    “You know I’d gladly take the offer, Nyx.” She smiled at him and held out her hand. He got on his knee as he gently grabbed her small hand and kissed it. Her eyes widened when he did so, it was a familiar feeling she had craved for so long but nothing about it felt right. She pulled her hand back.
    “It’s decided then, you will now serve me,” she forced a chuckle. “Come on, get to cleaning.”

    “You should carry me to class, I’m tired.”

    “Can you lend me your pen again? No, I know I gave it back to you yesterday, you must be getting old already.”

    “Let me have your seat, I need some sunlight.”

    “Buy me some candy.”

    “I… don’t like this. It looks cheap for a gift.”

    “Are you deaf or what?”

    “Alzheimer's is getting to you already, huh? You're gonna be just like your granny in no time.”

    He stood in front of her, shaking. As she was about to utter a new command, he finally spoke up.
    “I can’t do this, Nyx. I don’t know what’s going on with you, I thought you were nice, you’d always been nice to me, to everyone. What the fuck is wrong with you? Is that how you treated Emeric behind the scenes? Then I think I know why he left, now!”
    There was a short pause as he tried to hold back tears, thinking about the weight of his words. It was too late to go back.
    “You can’t just order me around and insult me and then expect me to take it all with a smile and do everything you want. Do you think you’re some kind of princess or what, that stupid pretend game? You know, I always thought that… goddess thing was the act, not the other way around. Do you even care about me? About any of us? Emeric? We’ve always been here for you, when you lost him –you know, we lost him too!”
    Nyx stared at the familiar face in front of her. She was unable to put a name on it. He was still yelling, but she couldn’t hear him anymore.
    “Shit! I hate this, I hate it so much!  You’re not even close to the Nyx I fell in love with, the Nyx before all of this. Is she gone? I’d rather you tell me you’re some kind of… I don’t know, an imposter alien? Did you kidnap Nyx? And then replace her? You treat us like we’re nothing. We can’t be friends if you’re going to insult us every chance you get. You know most about us all. And you’ve used that against us. You’ve hurt us all, I'm not even the only one. Why? Do you even realize… You knew I liked you, did you ever think about how much it hurt to watch you be happy with someone else? You’ve got no idea what it feels like, do you? I was powerless when you cried your eyes out for him… I really did want him back, I did, so you’d smile again! The amount of times I prayed you’d love me back, that I could replace him somehow. And then you play me, pretend my wish came true, to treat me like a slave? You’re not Nyx, not the one I loved. I can’t. You’re not a goddess, you’re… you're a snake. You look like the girl I loved, that’s it. Do you even like me at all? Or any of our friends?”
    Nyx was quiet, desperately trying to sort out her thoughts. What was he talking about? Was he not happy with her? Shouldn’t it be an honor to serve a goddess like herself? Was he doubting her status? She thought it was pretty clear that her Champion, Emeric, had already ascended thanks to her. Did he not want to ascend as well? Sure, he wasn't nearly as good of a Champion as him but she had been giving him many chances. Fragments of memories she couldn’t piece together kept coming back to her. Why was she crying back then? Who were those people if not her loyal subjects? Did they not want to serve her anymore? Why wouldn’t they want a goddess’s blessing? If there was nothing else she could do to appease them, she would leave them to their pitiful mortal lives. It was that simple. But why did it hurt?
    “Goodbye, I will miss your services.” Nyx turned around and walked away, leaving the boy astonished. He wondered how that was all she had to say to him. It must have meant she was really gone for good. 
    Nyx was basically dead.