    Amy sat on a bench, her eyes wandering on the river flowing in front of her. The sun on her skin felt warm, yet not too much. The wind kept her messy hair out of her face as it brought the wonderful smell of sweets along. She laid down on a pristine bench, the sound of gentle waves was so relaxing she couldn’t help but feel sleepy.
    Out of nowhere, she felt herself sit up. She knew she wasn’t supposed to be moving. She immediately began hyperventilating, her body wasn’t obeying her anymore, nor would even her mouth or her eyes open. She couldn’t tell what she was doing, where she was going, she didn’t know why. She was terrified and powerless. When she finally managed to open her eyes, they met with purple ones identical to hers.
    “Lost control.” Kyra stated plainly.
    “Whatever,” Amy sighed, stretching her arms out. “How long was I out?” Kyra glanced at the nearby street clock, its faint light standing out in the dark.
        “About thirty minutes. Better than yesterday.” Amy glared at her sister as she got up quietly. “What? I did my best, can’t even say thank you for helping you sleep at all? It’s hard to control your head.”
    “I told you. The worst nightmares are the ones that go from good to bad just,” Amy snapped her fingers, “like that.” She moved on, focusing her attention on the ground around her instead, yawning loudly. “Where’s the damn energy drink?”
    “I had the last sip. Thirsty.” Kyra knew she wouldn’t like that answer though there was no use lying. Surprisingly, Amy didn’t lash out. Still, Kyra noticed her clenching her fists.
    Amy grabbed the oversized jean jacket she slept on off the ground to put it on. She then made a knot with her dirty shirt to make it look shorter and partially unbuttoned her shorts.
    “Really?” Kyra asked, getting up as well. “Again? You know we can just do it the old-fashioned way, right? It works just as well.”
    “You know it doesn’t. And this way you don’t have to do anything. Don’t you hate stealing? You keep complaining about it.”
    “I do, but…” Kyra sighed. “Trying to seduce a bunch of older guys is… gross,” she winced.
    “Oh, great, now that I’ve found a way to keep you out of the ‘bad stuff’ I can’t do that either? What do you want? Seriously.”
        “Something morally correct, maybe?” Kyra knew she should let it go but the frustration had built up, she did her best to keep her voice down. Amy rolled her eyes at her. “Yeah, duh, I hate being involved, but as long as your main goal is to steal, it’s always going to be fucked up and I’ll always hate it…” she ended her sentence in a whisper: “like I hate you.”
    “Was killing dad NOT fucked up?” Amy got in her face, starting to yell. “Was it, now? Shut your mouth, you’re just as bad as you say I am.” Kyra pushed her sister with all her strength, though it wasn’t enough to move her by much.
    “Don’t compare me to you, filthy bitch. I am nothing like you. You’re a psychopath, just like him. He killed mom, you both killed all those other women for no fucking reason, and YOU were the one who killed him, remember?! Sure I had a plan, who said I was ever going to do it? But you?” She scoffed. “No, you didn’t hesitate. And now you’re stealing because you can, you like it. You’re having fun. I want a real life, I never asked for this. But I’m stuck with your bullshit.” 
    Amy grabbed her sister by her throat, pushing her against the wall behind her.
    “I told you to shut the fuck up. You think I like getting groped by some drunk… assholes? You think we can just walk up to cops and hope they don’t connect the dots? No matter who we go to they’ll always think we’re just dumb runaways and they need to find our parents. They will find who Dad was and then you could never have your so-called normal life. But you know, you’re right. I totally believe with all my heart that this is peak life. Barely sleeping, eating or drinking. Having stolen everything you have feels great, very rewarding, right?” Amy looked into her sister’s eyes for a moment, watching panic set in when she tightened her grip, Kyra miserably failing at freeing herself.  Amy threw her to the side, already walking away when she fell to the ground. “I’ll be back.”

    Kyra sat in silence on the concrete floor, almost hoping to see her sister’s silhouette walking back to their temporary camp. No matter how much she hated Amy, she knew there was nothing she could do if some other hobo came out of nowhere and threatened her. She wasn’t strong enough to survive on her own out here.
    Kyra looked up at the stars, massaging her neck gently. Whenever Amy was angry, she had to force herself to let go and it had been getting harder and harder recently. Kyra could see it in her eyes. In those moments, Amy’s expression was almost identical to their dad’s any time he had his eyes on a new prey. She may not enjoy being forced to live in the streets, but she had always been the first to look for a fight. This life was perfect for a beast like her.

    “How do you like it, daddy?”
    “It’s very good,” he gently rubbed his daughter’s head as he took another bite. “Where did you learn how to bake these? Did your sister help you?”
    “I–” She thought about her answer for a second. “got the recipe from our latest mommy, I made it all on my own.” 
    He looked around the kitchen in despair, trying to evaluate how much he would have to spend to replace his broken equipment and how long it would take to clean everything. He noticed his younger daughter peeking from the entrance. She seemed pale.
    “Are you okay, sweetie? You can have a bite if our little chef allows it.” He suddenly felt dizzy, unable to focus his eyes on his daughters. “Oh, dear, I–” He wasn’t able to finish his sentence as he began throwing up cake and blood.
    A few minutes later, the sisters were still standing in the kitchen, staring at their dead parent lying on the ground among baking ingredients and his own body liquids. Only one of them was shaking, the other smiled with pride, as if the scene was a brand new drawing.

    Kyra teared up as she remembered the day her life changed for the worse. There was no going back, she thought. She would die young, either to the hands of her own disgusting blood or some disease she would get from the horrible conditions she was surviving in. She knew Amy was right, it wouldn’t be too hard to connect them both to their dad. Even if she went alone to get help for herself, whether or not she tried to turn Amy in, who knew what Amy was truly capable of? If she wasn’t protected enough, there was no way she wouldn’t come after her.
    She was too lost in her own thoughts to notice the young woman approaching her.
    “Look what I got.” Amy called as she got closer. Kyra jumped, quickly wiping her eyes. She was holding a dark metallic object. Kyra didn’t recognize the shape of it yet.
    “Weird looking wallet.”
    “Yeah. I got the wallet too, obviously. But this is better.” Amy held a gun in front of Kyra’s face.
    Her blood ran cold.
    “Shit, Amy, is it real?” She got up, her mind racing as she tried to piece together a way to get rid of the device.
    “The real deal,” she laughed. “You’re such a baby, look at you. Are you scared?”
    “I just–” Kyra shook her head nervously. “I just think this is a bad idea, aren’t guns taken super seriously? Like, if we get arrested again, if they find it we have no way out at all, you know? Two girls with no defense, they wouldn’t shoot, but if we have a gun–” She looked at her sister, desperately hoping to find some understanding in her eyes. There was only hunger. “Please, we need to get rid of it.”
    Amy put the gun to Kyra’s head. Kyra could do nothing but freeze.
    “What did you say? Really, I have to apologize, I didn’t catch that.” Amy locked eyes with her. “So?” 
    “Nothing.” Kyra muttered.
    Amy turned around giggling at the power she had just acquired and began walking away as she examined her new toy.
    “Pack the stuff, I’m out of here.”
    Kyra stuffed her jacket in her backpack with the few supplies they had gathered together and was quickly ready to go.
    It would only be a matter of time before Amy found a new one or another weapon, but hiding the gun or throwing it away could be an option. When she looked up to hurry and catch up to Amy, she found that Amy had stopped walking.
    “Funny thing is, I don’t even know if this gun is loaded.” Amy confessed as she looked behind her. Seeing Kyra catch up, she held out her arm “I’ll carry it.”
    “I don’t think it’s funny at all.” Kyra replied, handing her the backpack. As soon as she did, Amy aimed the gun at her once more.
    “That’s because you’re lame!” Amy laughed.
    “Amy, please!” Kyra begged, raising her arms and slowly backing away. “Just open the damn thing and see if there’s bullets inside, you don’t have to shoot!” She tried, but she knew there was nothing she could do besides praying it wasn’t loaded. Amy’s finger was already wrapped around the trigger.
    “Wanna bet? If it’s loaded, I get to live my own life without having a retard on my back all the time. If it’s not, I’ll leave it behind.”
    “No, I don’t want to bet. Just put it down. Please.”
    “You’re boring me.”
    A loud bang rang out in the alley.
    Kyra brought a hand to her torso before she collapsed on the ground. Amy had fallen backward, she sat watching her sister’s blood pool around her with a smile wider than ever before.
    “I win.” She whispered to herself.