    The newborn opened her small eyes for the first time in the darkness of a dirty basement. She was held in a soft blanket by a tall man who crouched in order to let her exhausted mother see her. She shook her head, apologizing to the baby between sniffles. The man moved on to secure the baby in what looked like an incubator.
    “I’m so sorry,” she cried. “Please, take good care of her. That’s all I want.”
    His lips twitched into a smirk. “Are you sure? Not even this?” He pulled a thick envelope out of a bag. The flap barely held on.
    A nervous laugh escaped her. “That too,” she shamefully admitted.
    He tossed it in her general direction and it landed next to her. Quickly, the young woman began counting the total amount she had just made. By the time she was done, she was alone.


    A girl was laying on a white bed, staring at the white ceiling. A strand of her red hair fell to tickle her neck. She sighed, pushing it to the side. As soon as she heard the doorknob being turned, she sat up in the bed, fixing her long blouse.
    “Breakfast then exercise time.” The strict voice of an older woman called out. She followed the orders, standing up and walking outside the room at once. 
    As she walked down the hallway to the common room, she quickly lost the woman’s presence behind her, it was traded with progressively more footsteps just like hers. When she arrived in the room, she quietly sat down at her usual spot and ate the food prepared for her as the other children did the same. She was never told what she was being fed but she had learned to swallow regardless of the taste. She was done fast but was forced to wait for everyone else. She didn’t make eye contact with the girl in front of her, only staring at her empty plate. Even when a loud noise echoed in the room, she didn’t turn back. She listened to the adult drag one or two girls out of the room and then the eating noises resumed.
    The whole group marched down a different connecting hallway, past the classrooms, to reach the gym. Their teacher, a young male adult, gave each of them personalized tasks as he had been tracking their progress and health almost all their lives. The girl was to run around the gym without stopping, today. She obeyed, careful not to bump into the others who had tasks similar to hers.
    Hours of sweat later, she and the others were allowed back to their rooms. On her bed, she found a soft towel as well as a clean set of clothing. The girl waited for the lady to close her door before taking off her drenched outfit and stepping into the bathroom. Her used soap, toothbrush, cup and more had been replaced, like every day. The girl glanced at the little camera placed in a corner, way too high for her to reach. She faced away from the perpetual eye and as the warm water hit her skin, she closed her eyes and allowed her feelings to pour out.
    Her life felt utterly pointless. The only thing in the world she had to forward to was a seemingly baseless promise. One day, her body would prove useful to the outside world, one she would likely never get to see with her own eyes. That was her only purpose. She used to appreciate the nobility of it–according to the adults, there was a great deal of pride in her role. However, as time went on, as she waited for the day that never came, she had become disillusioned with the idea. After all, in almost two decades she had never even been taught in what way any of them could even be useful to anyone outside. She still eagerly awaited the fateful day, but only because it was her only way out of this place, of this empty life. It didn’t matter what she died for as long as she no longer lived like this.
    Afraid she might get punished for taking too long, she bottled her feelings away and quickly finished her shower. She changed into her clean set and patiently waited for new orders, sitting on the side of the bed. Within minutes, her door opened on the lady once more.
    “Classroom 1, please.”
    She obeyed and like usual, ignored the world around her as she did what she was told. A booklet and a sheet of paper were laid out on each of the dozens of desks. As soon as she was done with the instructions of the reading comprehension test she went to grab the booklet but, seemingly out of nowhere, the lady stopped next to her desk and leaned down to whisper in her ear.
    “Please go wait outside the classroom.”
    She turned her head to the woman who was already leaving to talk to the teacher, another adult they all had known forever. Was she being punished for the shower? Slowly, quietly, she stood up and found the quickest path out of the room. She didn’t need to look at them to know–she felt dozens of eyes fixated on her.
    Her legs were shaking violently when the lady stepped out of the room, a case in hand.
    “Follow me.”
    The girl kept up with the adult as she led her through the building, parts of it she had never had the chance to see before. It seemed like there were a lot of different groups like hers who also had their own common rooms and dorms. She couldn’t see any children but she recognized the hallway patterns.
    She knew they had arrived when they were facing several male adults that wore clothing from the outside under their long white coats.
    Could her Day have finally come?
    “CC254, is this correct?” one of them asked, looking up from a file as she and the lady stopped. She couldn’t help but stare at the man, the one who was about to save her out of this place. Seeing him face to face was disorienting, but she recognized his tousled black hair and bright green eyes from the many pictures she had seen of him. He was the owner.
    She finally nodded as a response.
    “Well, congratulations,” he said cheerfully, giving the file to one of the adults beside him, “you have been selected to be part of the project Fabularis Ciuem.” He confidently walked towards her and placed his arm around her. “We need you to come with us so we can proceed with the project.”
    A hand on her back, he guided her into a van where she sat between 2 of what appeared to her as guards, while her savior sat in the passenger seat and one more man drove.
    It took several hours before they arrived at their destination, a bigger, prettier building than the one she had left behind. Inside, she was put through a series of tests seemingly evaluating her capabilities and comparing notes with her teachers’. Then finally, after a long wait, she overheard that her results were in. They were good, good enough to go through with the operation.
    One last time, she was guided around the building to reach the room where this ‘life’ of hers would finally end. It was large, with a single machine in the middle. As she was told, she laid on the bed inside the metal giant.
    “Let me put this on you, will you?” the deep voice of the owner startled her. He was standing behind her, holding a mask. She lifted up her head for him. As he waved goodbye at her, the mask was filled with a sweet vanilla scent and she smiled as she breathed it all in.