	“Moon, how’s that project coming along?” The woman’s voice quickly changed tones when she peeked into the room and recognized the blonde hair of what was, in her mind, evil incarnate. “You…”
	Lisy took a deep breath, her feelings already beginning to boil at the shift in the woman’s voice. She tried her best to avoid another conflict with a half lie. “Moon thought homework was boring, I’m helping her out.” She spun the chair to face the entrance to her room. The look on the mother’s face told her all she needed to know.
	“You think you can trick me?” She entered the room uninvited, throwing the hamper in the hallway. “Give me back my daughter, leave her alone!”
	Lisy stood from the desk seeing that she wasn’t stopping, unsure what she was planning this time. Holy water was getting old, but she hadn’t gone and grabbed anything this time. The room was rather small, Lisy easily blocked the path from the mom by holding the chair in between them. The only way out being the single door, Lisy would have to go over the bed to run out of the room if necessary.
	“I know what you are! Let her go, demon!” The woman shouted as she tried ripping the chair away from Lisy.
	“Stop it, I’m not doing anything!” Lisy tried to get her to calm down but the woman pushed the chair hard into her forcing her to let go.
	She threw the chair out of her way and grabbed Lisy by the wrists, shaking her violently. “Moon, you have to kick the demon out!”
	Deep inside her, Lisy felt the switch flip. Moon was waking up. Lisy’s rage finally spilled out. She kicked the mother in her stomach with everything she had and pushed her off of her before stumbling across the bed, praying that Moon would go back to sleep so she could enjoy at least a few more minutes of peace as nothing but herself. Only everything went dark as soon as she stepped out of the suffocating room.

	Later that evening, Moon was looking into her own eyes in her mirror. Lisy’s thoughts were so loud with violence that they seeped through the veil separating them, letting Moon know that she was awake again, watching and listening.
	“You hurt my mom.”
	Lisy knew there was no point in explaining. No one had ever been on her side and no one would ever be, especially not Moon. Although she recognized that she had a habit of resorting to violence and with perhaps less justifications in the past, even now that she was doing her best to talk it out and explain her point of view, no one would listen.
	“Boo, fucking, hoo.”
	“Please don’t…” She sighed, reaching for a strand of her dark hair to fidget with. “Don’t hurt anyone.”
	Lisy could hear the fatigue in her voice, something she could somewhat relate to. She didn’t want to have another conversation. She didn’t want to be lectured by a good-for-nothing fatty. She stayed quiet, letting her mind spiral while Moon went on. It wasn’t fair that she wasn’t allowed to make mistakes. It wasn’t fair that she was trapped in a body and a life she despised. She wasn’t any sort of demonic creature, she was a girl who only wanted to live like everyone else. She had been denied all of her basic needs.
	Eventually, Moon, who had tried to stay up and focused to prevent Lisy from taking over, passed out of exhaustion. When Lisy noticed, she wasted no time changing and sneaking out the house. She walked a while, taking her time to enjoy every step she took on her own and the feeling of the wind swaying her hair. When she reached the park, she went to sit at the root of a large tree. She picked a wilting flower and admired it under the moonlight before leaning back against the trunk.
	This spot had grown on her since she first found it on one of her many short-lived escapes. All she wanted was to be left alone, away from the pointless attempts at casting her out of her own body and from the people she couldn’t help but hate back. She admired the resilience of the old tree that had remained so imposing despite the weather through the decades. She loved the flowers it seemed to protect as well. Their lives were short but each of them were celebrated for their nature. They didn’t have to hide, pretend or argue for the right to exist. Only live.
	In the dark, everything seemed calm but still, she couldn’t be at peace. She didn’t believe anyone could ever help her, though she didn’t mind. She was determined to find a way to take control of her own life, even if it meant pulling Moon out with brute force. This was not going to be her life forever.
	The flower had crumbled in her fist without her noticing.
