    That morning, a girl was walking into a small cafe and heading straight towards a table in a corner. The young waiter that Amy had been smiling shyly at was suddenly taken out of his trance. He gave her a moment to sit down and get comfortable before he went to get her order. However, the older waitress held his arm, shaking her head.
    “She never orders, she just comes over for free internet,” she whispered into his ear.
    He looked back at the young woman who had already gotten her laptop out and seemed to ignore the entire world around her.
    Amy couldn’t help but overhear this as she sat at a table next to the counter. Curious, she leaned to the side to see the freeloader for herself. Much to her surprise, she was actually pretty cute. Amy couldn’t hold her grin as she watched her typing furiously, leaning forward more and more. After a while, she decided to try her luck and stood up to get the counter first, suddenly being reminded of the cute college kid now busy cleaning dishes. She’d have another chance to get to him anyway.
    “I would like another one of these,” she told the lady, holding her own cup still half filled.
    “Chocolate milk?” Amy nodded. “Sure, you done with this one? I’ll take–”
    “No, I just want another one.” Amy interrupted. She glanced at her brand new target, making sure she wasn’t leaving. Of course, she was too focused to be going anywhere.
    The waitress quickly prepared a new drink and placed it in front of Amy, who ignored the heavy sigh of the lady as she walked over to the girl’s table without a simple ‘thank you.’
    “It’s on me,” Amy announced as she placed the new cup next to her laptop.
    The girl jumped, her pink hair falling from behind her ears to cover her pretty face. Her purple eye quickly moved back and forth between Amy and the unknown drink.
    “Didn’t mean to scare you. I got you a hot chocolate, thought you could use a little warmth.”
    She stared like she was trying to read the young woman in front of her. Amy gave her kindest smile, hoping it would be enough to get a foot in the door.
    “What do you want?” she finally asked coldly.
    “A friend?” she suggested, using a soft voice. “I’m Amy. I just relocated close to here.”
    “My name’s Cara.”
    It was pretty obvious that even if she wanted to, Cara had no plans on even tasting the drink. She was putting up a bigger wall than Amy had expected.
    “Are you here to tell me my brother is dead?” Cara’s gaze was focused on her, dead serious.
    Amy was caught off guard. “He is? “I’m sorry he–” Amy tried to remember the saying for this situation. “That’s… tragic.”
    “No, he’s not, actually.”
    “Oh.” Amy was confused. “Why would I tell you he is, then?”
    “People have been trying to convince me that he’s dead.”
    Amy sat down on the seat in front of Cara’s. She tried to understand whatever Cara was explaining, it didn’t seem to make much sense but she welcomed the opportunity to get somewhat closer.
    “He vanished a while ago and they’ve been trying to cover it up,” Cara continued. “He's been declared dead, even had a funeral. They didn’t let me see him.” She looked at the cup, the smell was more and more tempting. She finally gave in and took a sip, which Amy was delighted to see. “I know he's out there somewhere, I just haven’t found him yet.”
    “You look like you’re working hard. I’m sure you’ll find him.”
    Amy thought for a moment, unsure if throwing that bait was worth it. This Cara sure was cute and it made her feel all warm inside to think about all the things they could do in bed, but she was starting to see the issue with a girl hell-bent on finding some guy who likely was already dead if he hadn’t skipped town to escape her obsessive, probably really nice ass. If she wanted her fantasies to come true, spiking the chocolate might unfortunately be her only option.
    “You know, I might be able to help.” Amy glanced over her shoulder at the waiters, who seemed to suddenly begin to shuffle around as she did, so she whispered. “The work I do… It’s pretty confidential but I could get you a lead.”
    Cara perked up, her visible eye lighting up.
    “No one truly disappears,” Amy added.
    “You would… help me?” She asked and Amy winked as a response. Cara’s doubts seemed to melt away at the promise of being reunited with her brother.
    “You should come over to my place, I couldn’t get anything done in a place like this,” Amy nudged her head towards the counter.
    Cara saw the waiters were obviously trying to listen in on their conversation as entertainment on a slow day.
    “What do you say?” Amy offered.
    “Yeah, that makes sense.” Cara acquiesced.
    She closed her laptop while Amy moved the cups out of her way. As Cara turned to shove it in her bag, Amy spilled the powder contained in her ring into Cara’s cup before placing it in front of her and finishing her own. The clueless girl mimicked Amy and shortly, they were walking out together.

    Amy silently locked the door behind the both of them.
    “Make yourself comfortable.” Amy tried her best to conceal her sheer excitement but she could barely keep her grin off her face. 
    “Your place looks really nice, it’s so neat.” Cara complimented.
    “Mhm. Would you like anything to drink? I have water, soda, more chocolate or even cocktails if you want. Just ask!”
    “Hmm…” Cara seemed to hesitate. “I’m not very thirsty, I’m okay. Thanks.” She sat on the shorter side of the corner sofa to wait for Amy, who hurried into a room in the back.
    “I need to set up some things, I’ll be right there,” Amy lied.
    “No worries.” Cara busied herself on her phone for the time being.
    She kept an eye on poor, clueless Cara, allowing her to notice instantly when she unbuttoned her jacket. Amy almost felt bad for being so generous with the powder. She bit her lower lip as Cara revealed her tank top and the obvious lack of a bra underneath it. Cara was becoming red quickly, at this rate Amy wouldn’t have to hold back for long. She herself had taken off her thin cardigan and had slipped out of her heels. She was eager to take the rest off but would rather have Cara do it for her.
    “Hey, um…” Cara weakly called out. “Do you have… air conditioning? I’m sorry, it’s… it’s just really hot in here.”
    Cara was sinking into the couch, the heat stripping her of her energy. This was the breaking point for Amy, she hoped the drug had fully kicked in already but keeping her from running off in this state likely wouldn’t be an issue anyway.
    “Aw, I’m sorry, sweetie.” Amy walked up to Cara as she twirled her hair around her finger, a subtle way to keep it over her shoulder as she liked it. “I rely on much more natural ways to cool off.”
    Cara looked at her, confused. “What do you… mean?” she talked slowly, almost as if it was painful.
    “Let me show you.”
    Amy placed a hand on Cara’s shoulder and made her lean back with no resistance, only to straddle the girl as they locked eyes.
    Oh, she was ready for sure.
    Amy caressed Cara’s cheek gently. There was no going back. She knew exactly what she was doing while her prey was taking shallow breaths, completely at her mercy, unable to voice the last bit of doubt that was quickly kissed away. Her mind was completely blank.

    Cara’s eyes widened in terror when she came back to her senses. She felt weak, like her body was exhausted, but she could tell her limbs were tied down on what reminded her of a hospital bed. Before she could fully understand, a voice gleefully chanted from behind her.
    “Good morning, Kitten.”
    As soon as she felt a hand on her cheek, she flinched but her neck was tightly restrained too. Amy’s nails felt like they dug into her cheeks when she leaned down, holding Cara’s face close to hers.
    “Everyone is two-faced, huh?” Amy licked her lips as her gaze shifted from Cara’s bruised neck to the rest of her naked body. “Don’t be mad, you were too cute. I couldn’t resist.” Amy let go but let her hand trail on Cara’s curves as she walked around the bed, all the way down to her thigh.
    She thought Amy was being a tease, a feeling that was oddly familiar somehow, as she was drawing something with her finger on her skin. Then she realized what it was.
    Her heart skipped a beat.
    Her symbol, it had been exposed. The makeup had been smudged, her face was probably bare too.
    “I cannot believe I found a ‘Chosen’ just like that,” Amy admitted, “I mean honestly I’m kind of mad I didn’t find out sooner because now, you’re not going to let me recruit you, when we could have been a super cute lesbian couple to piss Kishi off… If only I hadn’t spiked that stupid drink and took the time to make you fall for me instead.” Amy ended her rambling with a loud sigh. She wiped her face with her hands.
    Cara was barely listening, she tried to find a way out of her bounds instead. The noise made Amy perk up.
    “Oh, Kitten, that’s not going to get you anywhere,” she grinned as she placed a hand on Cara’s arm then tapped on her rune again. ”I’m sorry to say, you’re trapped here until you make a decision. Your pet forms have been sedated, I would strongly advise against using this baby right now.”
    “Just let me go, please,” she finally begged weakly.
    Amy couldn’t contain her laughter. Cara, on the other hand, was about to burst into tears.
    “Come on, now,” Amy held down a button on the side of the bed, causing it to lift Cara into a sitting position. “You know it doesn’t work like that, right? Cause if that’s what you think I might feel bad for you when you figure out Santa is a made up concept.”
    Amy made an O with her mouth, feigning surprise. “Oops!”
    She laughed at her own joke for a moment before abruptly stopping herself as she backed away from the bed. She brought her palms together softly in front of her mouth, admiring her victim’s body with lustful eyes as if she hadn’t had plenty of it already.
    “Girl, you are so hot. Anyway, business. Are you listening?” She snapped her fingers at Cara who finally looked up. “Option one: you try to run, turn into a pet, pass out–you know what sedation means. I trap and dissect each one of those cute lil’ forms you decide to use to try to run and then I,” she marked a short pause, holding out her arms as if showcasing Cara, “get to stab this masterpiece a bunch of times until you’re dead.” Amy motioned to an imaginary tear rolling down her cheek but quickly changed tones again, to a bright smile this time. “Option two: you say yes and become my work bestie, we can potentially find that big bro of yours and you get to live a long and fulfilling life. Well, as long as you work with me–us, whatever. Because you can’t just quit, that’s not exactly my field but I don’t think he’d let you walk away just like that. You remember what I said, confidential.”
    Cara refused to answer, the thought of being doomed to ‘work’ –whatever that meant, with this insane woman indefinitely sounded worse than death. She glanced off to the side instead.
    “Really? Is it that hard of a choice?” Amy crossed her arms, puffing her cheeks. “I wasn’t –that– bad last night, honestly wasn’t expecting a girl that likes to meow when she moans.”
    “Fuck off, kill me!” Cara finally exploded when some vague memories flooded her head.
    “Geez, that’s your weak spot?” Amy rolled her eyes. “Have some pride in your fetishes, damn. Either way, I guess that brother of yours isn’t getting an answer when he finally gets to reach out to you.” Amy shrugged before stepping towards a dresser covered in metallic tools in the corner of the room.
    “Wait,” Cara hesitated.
    She didn’t want her brother to go through the same hopeless battle she had been fighting for weeks already. She would disappear, or he would be forced to see her dismantled body on the news. Maybe, for him, she could hold on. She could run away with him when the time came. If they really could help her find him like Amy maintained, there was hope.
    “You were saying?” Amy stood next to the bed, fidgeting with a scalpel.
    “I’ll do it,” Cara looked away from the woman as she yelled it in one breath. “But no more of… this.” Cara moved her hands as best she could to point out her situation.
    Amy rubbed her head, forcing it down lightly to leave a kiss on her forehead.
    “Details, Kitten. Details.”


        “Kitten, over here!” Amy called a confused Cara who was desperately searching for her unpredictable boss amongst the crowd; she could barely hear her over the loud music.
    She had been forced into an incredibly uncomfortable dress because they ‘needed to make sure they’d go home with at least one idiot.’ Cara wasn’t born yesterday, she was aware that Amy had an eye for her and seeing her in one of her mini dresses was turning her on. The fact is that Amy would not stop touching her on the way there, even more so than usual. To make it worse, it prevented her from walking freely on top of the high heels she still wasn't used to, it felt almost impossible to navigate the bar. She almost spilled the glasses a few times but managed to make it back to Amy and successfully placed both –almost full– drinks on the standing round table. 
    “Any cute bartenders? Or drunks on the way there?” Amy asked before chugging the drink. Cara shrugged, still unsure what she was looking for that night. “Any of them look a little too young to be here?”
    Cara raised an eyebrow.
    “What? Fake IDs are popular, you know?”
    “That's not…” Cara sighed, already giving up. She hadn't known Amy for very long but she had already learned that there was no use trying to reason or question her. She had no conscience, couldn't care less about doing anything that she didn't deem entertaining and Cara would rather have avoided testing her patience than putting herself between Amy and her ‘fun’. Cara looked down at the drink she had no intention of touching. She was not ready to swallow anything that might make her lose herself again.
    “Right there!” Amy seemed overjoyed to have found a new toy. When Cara looked up to see the face of the unfortunate chosen one, she was distracted by a guy that looked a tad older than her. He was laughing about something with his friends, seemingly.
    “Stay right here, I'll let you know when we're heading out,” Amy yelled as she left Cara alone.
    She nodded but was too hypnotized by the young man to care. He reminded her of someone. His smile was the prettiest thing she'd seen all day, so comforting that she didn't notice one of his friends had spotted her. He was amused by her staring, and so he nudged and whispered something to him. She was startled when his gaze met hers, causing her to look away quickly, searching for something else to keep herself busy. Cara felt her face turn red, she hoped the colorful lights around them would hide it. She checked her phone to see if she had missed any messages from Amy so she could at least pretend that she had something to do or someone to talk to.
    Nothing yet.
    “Never seen you here before.”
    His deep voice took her by surprise, she looked up and saw that the same man that she was eyeing was standing right in front of her. She could have melted right then and there.
    “Oh, uhm, yeah, I…” Cara couldn’t help stuttering. What was she even supposed to say? She nervously fidgeted with her phone. For the first time in a long time, she genuinely wanted to make conversation with a stranger –unfortunately, she had no idea how to.
    “Waiting for someone?”
    She saw him glance at the empty glass Amy had left behind. Cara quickly looked around for her boss but she was nowhere to be seen. Cara was relieved, not wanting Amy to ruin this for her. If anyone did, it would be herself.
    “No, at least… Not for a while I guess,” Cara laughed nervously.
    “I know that look. Getting dragged around, are we?” he put his glass down next to hers. “I’m Aaron. Might I try to make tonight a little more bearable?”
    “Cara. I- Yeah, I’m not used to… Any of this, really. I don’t even like drinking.”
    For some reason, she felt like she could trust him. It might have been his smile. Unconsciously, she smiled back.
    “Well Cara, it’s probably better if you stay that way. Getting drunk, high, it’s good for a few hours,” he chuckled. “Sucks when you have a life to go back to in the morning.”
    “You sound like a regular.”
    “You got me,” Aaron took a sip of his drink before continuing. “I got a part time job at a gym but I still come around here to hang out with the boys, been doing it since high school. It’s a habit, you know?” 
    “Yeah, sounds fun.”
    There was a moment of silence between them, Cara was messing with her phone trying to think of something to add. He didn’t take his eyes off her.
    “You have beautiful eyes, you know?” Cara looked up again just in time to see Aaron reach for her hair as it was hiding part of her face. She was dragged back to reality, quickly backing up so he wouldn’t touch her.
    She didn’t want to be touched, not her hair nor her face or anything at all. She couldn’t blame him, he didn’t know. Even if she had been fine with it, she couldn’t let him look too closely. For a moment she had almost forgotten how frail and fake her shell was. Everything about her she had handwoven into an entirely different person, as far as possible from herself. Physical attraction meant nothing, if she had been her true self he would never have approached her. If he caught a glimpse of the repressed girl, he would leave her like everyone else had before him.
    “Hey, I’m sorry, didn’t mean to scare you,” Aaron tried to reassure her seeing as she looked like a deer in the headlights, he held his hands up attempting to prove his innocence. “Just wanted to see your pretty face.”
    “It’s fine, I’m sorry” Cara turned away, she couldn’t let him notice just how close she was to bursting into tears. She spoke fast, praying that would mask the shakiness of her voice. “I should probably go,” Cara checked her phone again, praying that Amy was done. Still nothing. “My friend…” She typed a short message to let her know she couldn’t stay. “She’s waiting for me, I need to leave.”
    Aaron watched as Cara struggled to make a quick exit. That outfit suited her well but it did look painful to try and run with. He sighed as she disappeared in the crowd. Before he could head back to his friends, a white haired woman with red tips blocked his path.
    “Hm, I guess she does have decent taste after all.” She looked him up and down, marking a pause on the down as she bit her lower lip. She put her arms around his neck, although this was a little unusual he didn’t seem to mind being trapped that way. “Tell me, what did you do to the poor girl?”

    Amy had gotten home early in the morning and the first thing she did was wake Cara up to yell at her. Cara had cried herself to sleep in front of a picture of her brother on her phone. It wasn’t charging, died, and thus she had missed Amy’s messages and calls. She managed to sneak out of her room through the window before Amy opened it but her human form was still a disaster from last night, she couldn’t go anywhere. Cara waited outside, watching as Amy took the time to rummage through her things, until she got bored and left, allowing Cara to retrieve a long coat to cover her dress and a small bag that hopefully still held all of her panic makeup supplies. She made a stop in a gas station bathroom to fix herself up then headed somewhere Amy would never find her.

    At the library, Cara pretended to read for a while until her phone was charged enough for her to use. When she turned it on, her inbox was flooded with messages. While they started in a relatively neutral tone, they quickly turned mean and demanding.
    Amy called her out on running off, accused her of ruining her night since the guy was hot but too let down to fuck, then promptly forgot about him when she set her sights on some older gambling addict. From what Cara understood, he was both married and broke but was on a winning streak that she convinced him to spend on her instead of losing everything again. Cara skipped past the images but she assumed Amy had a great time. After a few hours it seems like Amy finally wanted help but started insulting her over the lack of responses. She threw around a bunch of threats.
    Cara didn’t think that Amy would off her but she was afraid of what she would do instead. As she set her phone down, Cara let out a sigh of relief that she didn’t let herself get caught. However, the uncertainty around how Amy would react when she would get back made Cara shiver. She needed to stay out of her way long enough that she’d move on, but what if she didn’t? Cara hugged herself, leaning on the wall as she took a deep breath trying to relax but she couldn’t help but stare at her phone. Was she supposed to hope for more messages so she could get a hint on her mood, or was it better to get no messages at all, making sure she’d moved on?
    She made up her mind when new notifications showed up.
        “Do u know what his name is?
        The guy inlove with u
        Renamed u boner killer btw”
    Cara read the texts over a few times. Why did she need his name? She didn’t buy for a second that he could be in love with her, but she had only skimmed over last night’s one-sided conversation. Aaron hadn’t slept with Amy, so why? She scrolled up, trying to find the messages. She froze when she read them properly.
        “I hope u werent gonna keep this hot one two urself
        Whatd u even do to him, he was all down and didnt evn kiss bacl fuck
        But got his nmber maybe we can have 3spme soon”
    This idiot had given his phone number to Amy. Out of all the girls a guy like that could get in his bed, he wanted Amy.
    Of course he did. They all did.
        “HELLOO?? I know ur reading im trying to do smt here”
    She finally sent a reply, just his name. Cara ignored the following texts, trying to come to terms with the fact that the first person that had helped her feel a couple minutes of comfort in weeks was likely about to disappear off the face of the earth. He wasn’t a target, he was just some eye candy that Amy wanted to crush. And it would be her fault for letting him get close knowing Amy was nearby.
    It was her fault. She needed to find him.
    With a new goal in mind, she was once again on her phone, tapping furiously on the screen as if it would be more effective. It would take a while, but she took note of every gym near the bar they were at last night. Hopefully, he would be at one of them.
    Moments later, Cara was bursting out of the library. Amy was trying to meet up with him, from what she could tell, but he wasn’t answering. She had a small chance to get to him first. She ran into an alley and soon, she flew away unnoticed.
    She spent an hour going from gym to gym, sneaking in to take a peek at the staff and check out the boards. She didn’t recognize any of them. The list was dwindling but finally, when there were only two buildings left to check out, she saw it. His smile was plastered on the wall, his name under it. She snuck back out to find a place where she could turn back to normal to ask about him, since he wasn’t in sight.
    “Welcome, can I help you?” the woman at the front desk asked politely as she entered.
    “Hi, I’m looking for Aaron? He um…” she trailed off, looking for an excuse.
    “Oh yeah, I believe he’s looking to become a personal trainer, right?” Cara nodded, happy to be relieved of that burden. “I didn’t know he had found a lab rat,” she giggled to herself as she typed in something on the computer. “I’m sorry, he left a couple minutes ago and I don’t think he’s coming back for the day.”
    Cara’s blood ran cold. The employee sighed, unaware that Cara had stopped listening. “Knowing him he probably gave you the wrong time. I’ll make sure he gets scolded for doing that to you, but in the meantime you’ll just have to contact him to give you the correct date and time.”
    “He was just here?” Cara couldn’t believe herself. She had taken too long. If she had taken a different route, this could already be over. She swallowed her tears, not giving time to the woman to answer. “Where… where did he go?”
    “Probably home but you know, with legs like his he’s probably already there by now,” she giggled again, obviously she had a thing for him–not that Cara noticed.
    She was rushing out already. If she hurried, she could potentially find where the nearest apartments were and catch up before he did get home. Having to find the right door and then knocking on it or waiting all day for him to leave was a level of weird she hoped she wouldn’t have to reach. Missing him wasn’t an option.
    Luckily, she did spot him from above, casually running up the stairs of an apartment complex. She flew right to him, only to clumsily redirect herself to the level below when she realized that wouldn’t do. Finally, she shifted back to normal and rushed up the stairs.
    He stood in the middle of the walkway, a hand on a doorknob, staring at her. She was panting, leaning on the railing for support. The chase was finally over.
    “You.” Aaron said, he was obviously surprised. “Cara, right?” he asked.
    She nodded, unable to speak just yet. He let out a laugh and suddenly she felt small. This was insane. What would she even tell him? Don’t try to screw that hot chick, but don’t ask me why? Cara’s thoughts drifted off again. She must have looked ridiculous, hideous. She hadn’t checked on her makeup for hours at that point. For all she knew, her scars laid bare for him to see because of the sweat probably dripping down her forehead. She turned away in shame.
    “Cara.” He repeated to himself, passing his hand through his brown hair as swiftly as he swept away the voice in her head. “That’s insane, do you…live here? I’m glad I don’t have to deal with that crazy bitch anymore. I gave her my number since you two seemed to know each other but she’s been –literally– begging to meet up and it’s getting old fast.”
    Confused, Cara looked up to see he was looking straight at her.
    “What?” she asked quietly.
    “Sorry, I guess that was weird. It sounded like a better idea when I was tipsy. I…” he sighed. “You didn’t seem like you’d be coming back anytime soon and you didn’t give any info to go off of. I thought you were cute, I wanted to get to know you.” 
    Considering the amount of time she had just spent trying to track him down, it wasn’t nearly as weird to her. She was silent, attempting to understand what he was saying and how to continue now that, apparently, the whole reason she had come here was already dealt with.
    “So, what are you doing here?” Aaron finally asked.
    She took a deep breath. She hadn’t imagined it last night, there was something about him that made her feel safe. She was finally able to relax a little bit.
    “I was trying to warn you about her.”
    He smiled, still not taking his eyes off Cara. “I appreciate it. Some of the guys definitely fell for her charms, I got teased for the rest of the night for ‘making her sad’ but she moved on pretty quick, seems like.”
    “There’s always at least one fool.” Cara allowed herself to let out a soft chuckle. She was relieved that he didn’t care for Amy. There was the potential threat on his life, a weight off her shoulders without a doubt, but it felt like something more.
    “How did you even end up hanging out with a girl like that?” Aaron asked before watching her gaze dart between the nearby doors and around the walkway. She crossed her arms and leaned back on the railing, seemingly lost in her thoughts again. “Either way, maybe it wasn’t all that bad?” he suggested, a little embarrassed. “I'm glad we met.”
    “She’s kind of my boss for right now,” Cara nibbled on the nail of her thumb “It’s a long story,” she added.
    In reality, it was pretty straight forward, but there was no way in hell she was going to spill the beans to this guy. She hadn’t come all this way to get him killed anyway.
    “Sorry for bothering you, I should get going.”
    Cara smiled politely then turned to the stairs. She didn’t see Aaron catch up and reach his hand out close enough to grab her arm, though he didn’t, but she heard him call out her name.
    “Cara, no! Wait, please?”
    She paused. There was a note of desperation in his voice.
    “How do I contact you?”
    She looked back, he held his phone out for her to see. “Without going through… you know.”
    “You’re serious?” she couldn’t hide her surprise.
    “Damn it, sorry I-” he apologized, understanding how pushy he was coming off. He glanced at his screen, it had that woman’s pleads on display. “Now I’m the one begging.”
    “Well,” Cara considered it but her mind was already made. “Are you ready to write it down?”