    Amy sat in front of the fireplace, holding a soft blanket around her frail body. A cup of hot chocolate was placed on the table in front of her, but she would have to expose part of her arm to the cold if she were to take it. There was no way.
    “Honey, how are you feeling?” She heard her father’s voice as he walked up behind her. He placed his strong hands on her shoulders, massaging them gently.
    “The fire isn’t helping!” Amy whined.
    “If that’s the case, you’re probably better off in bed.” He got around the couch to lift Amy up in order to carry her and her blanket upstairs.
    Once she was on the bed, Amy curled up on her side, expecting her father to cover her with more blankets. He didn’t. Instead, she felt someone else get in bed with her.
    “Kyra?” There was no answer. She opened her eyes.
    A young man was staring back at her.
    “What’s wrong, honey?” he asked, perfectly replicating her father’s voice.
    “Who… Who are you?” Amy was confused, she thought her father was taking care of her but she didn’t know that man. The fear slowly started building up inside her. For some reason, that man terrified her, but she couldn’t tell why, besides being a stranger with her dad’s voice. She wanted to run. The cold was practically locking her body in place, she couldn’t move. All she could do was watch his hand get closer to her face. He caressed her cheek, sliding it down her neck and eventually down her shoulder to push the blanket off her. His hand felt like it was burning her skin, leaving a trail of ice.
    “Are you nervous?” He laughed. “I bet I’m better than your husband.” Slowly, he pushed her on her back. He leaned in to whisper in her ear “You have the right to remain silent.”
    Amy wanted to hit him, punch him, bite him, hurt him any way she could but she was frozen in place. She tried and tried to move on her own but her body wasn’t responding. He effortlessly grabbed both of her hands and placed them above her head.
    “You're mine, now.”
    He laughed as he began trying to take her pants off. Amy was breathing fast, she wanted to scream but she couldn't even unseal her lips. Her legs simply wouldn’t move either, she was forced to let him do as he pleased. Sooner than she would have hoped, only her chest remained protected–barely, though. He climbed on top of her then, like her only dressed in a shirt, and he leaned down once more.
    “Mine.”
    Amy closed her eyes, she refused to have to see him. She knew what was next. She wasn’t ready. She didn’t want it. She was defenseless. Hopeless. Scared. Alone.
    “Kira.”
    Slowly and gently, she was pushed around the bed. There wasn't much she could do but she wasn't going without a fight, she kept on trying to scream for help.
    “Kira.”
    It was almost like she was being rocked to sleep as her energy ran low.
    “Amy.”
    Amy's eyes shot open, finding her sister was staring at her.
    “Fucking finally. Congrats, you almost woke up the entire city. You’re not allowed to sleep anymore.”