    I don't usually nap, especially so late into the afternoon but a couple weeks ago, I could barely keep my eyes open. I gave in and went to lay down in bed. When I woke up, alone on my bed, it was dark –really dark. I was convinced I had set up an alarm but I probably forgot and slept for way too long, I was completely out of it that day.
    I can’t understand why this feeling came over me but something felt awfully wrong. I recognized the room I was in, the bed I had slept in so many times before, yet somehow the way they were combined didn’t feel like home, even though they seemed to be placed correctly. I listened to the soft noises around me for a long while. A car passing by in the street, the gentle humming of the AC were familiar but not reassuring. I wasn't sure if I was home alone or not. I didn’t think I was supposed to be, not this late. Regardless, the quiet felt like I was alone in the whole world. I was almost scared to get out of bed and find out.
    Then, I couldn’t identify what it was exactly but there was movement in the living room. It sounded like there was only one other person with me. I thought it would make sense for it to be my dad, he can watch TV for hours without moving an inch. Still, it didn’t make me feel any better. My mom can't drive and never goes anywhere without him, not even to sleep. If my dad was home and not her, then something must have happened. They often fight but even then, she only ever locks herself in the master bedroom and loudly complains. Trying to remember if I knew anything about her leaving made everything worse: I couldn't even think of the last time I saw her.
    It took me a long time but eventually I managed to pull myself out of bed. I was shaking in fear as I slowly walked through the house. It still felt like a foreign land. I pushed past the apprehension, I couldn’t hide forever. I needed to know what had happened. I made my way to the kitchen first, my mom’s lair. The only light came from the timer on the microwave. The silence made me shiver. When I pushed open the door to the living room I found out that he was in fact sitting alone, facing away from me. I stood in the entrance watching him, trying to gather the energy to talk loud enough that he would notice me over his screen. The fear intensified the more I waited, I couldn’t help but think he had done something to her. Finally, I shook off the terrible thoughts of all the awful things he, an imposing man, could have done to her, a sweet, meek woman. I walked closer and spoke with more confidence than I had.
    "What happened to mom?"
    When he turned to face me and I saw his face, my whole world shattered and came back to me all at once. I was forced to sit down as the pieces spun around me, I thought I was about to pass out. I tried to make sense of my reality for much longer than I’d like to admit.
    The truth is that over 8 years ago, I moved away from my childhood home, leaving my parents behind several states away to live with my now husband. My mind was simply foggy due to sleep inertia.




















    I thought typing it out would finally help cement it but reading the line over isn’t making it feel any more real. He seemed happy I wrote it down correctly –then he threatened to leave if I didn't start taking my medication as instructed. I’m not sure how he found out I was faking it.