    I grew up in a lovely townhouse in a small European town. The street is almost exclusively filled with the same paired houses. My mom was obsessed with decorating the front yard and my dad loved putting up lights, they did it for every event. The rest of the time though, it was bare, like our next door neighbors. I had never met or seen them but I was also a child, more so interested in my friends than some probably really old and isolated people.
    Events like Easter, Halloween or my birthday were the only time my parents ever seemed normal. I never invited friends over due to the constant tension in the house. I assumed they must have still loved each other but love wasn’t enough to make them happy. They were always tired, uninterested, too busy to play with me. I distanced myself from them pretty early. I hung out with my friends so often that it became a habit for me to simply not come back home overnight, sometimes for several days. My parents didn’t seem to mind as long as I texted them once a day to let them know I hadn’t gotten kidnapped yet. No matter how long I managed to stay away though, without fail, as soon as I stepped on the property again, this overwhelming feeling of dread and the desperation to get away from the heavy silence rushed back to me.
    When we got out of high school, my friends and I agreed we should get an apartment closer to the city for the three of us and so we did. After I moved out, I lost touch with my parents. They would never reach out and check up on me, it was exhausting trying to maintain the one-sided relationship. I let go and I still feel horrible about it. I loved them, but a part of me tells me it was the right thing to do. 
    The three years I spent living with my two best friends were probably the best years of my life. Our different work schedules often made it hard to spend time together but when we did find a window? We had the best movie nights, went to the nicest bars, sometimes got too drunk to remember any of it but we took enough pictures that we probably didn’t need our minds anyway. Last year, we went to a Halloween party after they helped me face my parents since I wanted to visit them but didn’t feel up to it on my own. Honestly, besides the going-back-home part, it was the best night of my life. We danced to some of our favorite songs until sunrise. That time, I wasn’t drunk enough to forget the beauty in the starry sky and in the wild flames of the fire dancers.
    Back then, after having proven false the theory that the transition between high school and real life tears apart all friend groups, I didn't think anything in the world could get in between us. I was dead wrong. Days after the party, one of my friends started dating some guy she met there and a few weeks later, the other began inviting one of her coworkers to our apartment. The only reason I found out was because I had walked in on them wrestling on the couch. I had forgotten to let her know my schedule had changed that day. To celebrate New Year’s, the first one officially moved in with her boyfriend and left us to recalculate how to divide the bills fairly.
    Then my parents died.
    She was trying to be gentle, but there is no way to be gentle about suggesting someone moves into the house their parents died in only a week after it happened. As much as I wanted to slap her, she was right and it wasn’t hard to guess she wanted to live with her boyfriend too. I reached the conclusion that it would overall be cheaper for me to move back into the old house rather than stay in this apartment by myself or find another one. The house was pretty far from my current job, so I talked to my manager and was able to start working from home. It wasn’t too hard to convince him, they were getting new hires and needed room anyway.
    I have to admit, after all these years the house didn't seem so creepy anymore. It was a plain old house, identical to all the other ones around it. Seeing it as it was without any decorations felt a little weird, I had never truly paid attention to it when it was naked like this.
    Unfortunately, moving in didn’t stop everything from going downhill still.
    Without my parents here, the house is a worse kind of quiet than I remembered. I often try to leave the TV on to fill the space but the voices or terrible songs that play annoy me so much I end up turning it off. Instead, I put on my headphones and try to forget how truly alone I am. I was excited to work in the comfort of my bed or couch but as it turns out, typing all day is still most comfortable at a desk. Meanwhile, the idea of how easily you could walk over to the next room and nap distracts you. I’m too eager to finally sleep when I’m finally done with work so I began ordering groceries online instead of going shopping.
    I’ve tried to message my friends to hang out, go partying again but the send button feels out of reach, now. It’s been weeks and they haven’t contacted me, they’re probably too busy. I’d bother them. As a result, I don’t exactly associate getting drunk with having fun anymore. I waste myself every other night.
    Sometimes, when I do, I sit outside on the stairs that lead up to the front door. The other night, I let the beer bottle slip out of my hands. I watched it roll down to the sidewalk then get stuck in the storm drain. After I went to pick it up, however, when I tried to get back inside, I got confused. Both of the doors in front of me were identical. I was too intoxicated to tell anymore. I looked for the modern-looking plaque that my mom had bought on the right door first, number 81. I thought that had to be it, because I was sure that it had the number 8 in it. But before I walked in, I glanced to the right and found a similar style of minimalistic plaque.
    18.
    Right. These houses were built early enough that the first residents were able to pick out their own house number. They go up in the hundreds, in my street, despite there being maybe 20 homes at most.
    Despite the hiccup, I decided to stick to my first choice, 81, walked into the house and passed out on the couch almost instantly.

    In the morning, I was relieved to see that I had, in fact, picked the correct house. I woke up on my own couch and the picture I took with my friends back in high school stared back at me. I didn’t think about it again until later that day, when I went to check what was in the mailbox. The address, with my name on it, was number 18. Confused, I checked the number outside the door I had just walked out of.
    18.
    While, yes, I could easily have remembered wrong, being drunk and all, I felt uneasy. The vague memories from the previous night didn’t sit right with me. I knew I had opened the door the other way, the handle was mirrored. I walked into the house next door, last night. I knew it. Did I really not notice the furniture was different? Did someone have to carry me back home? I had never seen the neighbors before in my life, so I had assumed they didn't know me either.
    Embarrassed but needing answers to appease my mind and hopefully help with the worsening migraine the longer I thought about this, I decided to go knock and ask. Potentially apologize, too, if needed.

    I knocked a few times, waited. No one answered. I sighed before I noticed that, like me, they kept the shades partly open. I only wanted to know if the inside of the house would look familiar. I took a peek.
    Well, it sure was familiar, it was a perfect copy of my house. Every piece of furniture was identical to mine. The only clear difference was the placement: it was flipped, like looking through a mirror. 
    While yes, it made sense for the layout to be the same due to the nature of paired houses, that couldn’t apply to furniture. My parents had replaced most of it over time as it broke or got old. There was no way anyone would just so happen to buy the exact same items as them unless it was at the very least a stalker.
    It wasn’t until I noticed the picture frame next to the TV that I decided to take care of this issue with my own hands. Even from a distance I could tell it was the picture of my friends and I, and it too had been mirrored. It was really the only thing I had added to the living room when I moved in, and they even had a copy of the frame I took a whole hour to pick during one of our shopping sprees.
    When I realized there was an unopened envelope tossed on the coffee table, I thought I could finally find out who exactly lived next door. It felt wrong –not just breaking into someone’s home. There was something else, like the door handle would burn me if I held it but I brushed off the feeling. It seemed that they too had a bad habit of forgetting to lock the front door, something I was all too familiar with. However, I only managed to take one step inside before the migraine got so intense I thought my head was about to explode. The air around me was heavy and suffocating, pushing me down. I stumbled my way to the table, wanting to at least reach the couch to sit down and take a breath. My legs failed me though and I fell to my knees in front of the envelope.
    Before my vision got blurry and I blacked out, I saw the name and address. It was mine, but flipped. I know what I saw. I am not crazy.

    When I woke up, I was back in my house, laying on the couch again. As I sat up, I saw the mail I had tossed on the coffee table before going on my short adventure was still right there. One envelope, addressed to me.
    I heard music and voices coming from outside so I walked up to my window to check. I was usually upstairs in the afternoon, focused on work with music blasting in my ears or sleeping. I guess it made sense why I never saw the neighbors if that’s when they came out. I thought I was ready to see what kind of creep had been copying my house perfectly, but that was until I learned who was outside. When I pulled the shades, my best friends and their boyfriends were laughing around a table set up in the neighbor’s front yard. There were two kids I had never seen before running around and playing with a dog. Finally, someone walked out of the house carrying plates to set them up for the guests. It was me. It looked exactly like me, or at least me back when I took care of myself and had the will to socialize.
    I watched the group for hours, hypnotized by the show put on for me. They had cake, told each other stories and what sounded like gossip, even had a few drinks with what they thought was me. As much as I wanted to go out there and take my friends back from the fake, I was paralyzed. The mere idea of reaching for the handle of my own front door terrified me. I really did try to push through the fear but once I thought I had made up my mind, before I could even move, I swear I saw the other me suddenly turn and stare straight into my soul.
    I couldn’t fight it or the grip it had on me.
    Looking into the twisted mirror of what my life could have been made me sick, yet I couldn’t take my eyes off the little tea party. I don’t understand how but it took everything from me. The loathing, fear and regret are all that’s left, now.
    I hate myself for letting it win.