    Kiara could physically sense the crimson drops as they slowly made their way to the edge of her blade before dropping to the floor, each one echoing in her head in the silence of the aftermath. Blood had been pooling around her as she lost herself in the pure ecstasy. Slashing through the flesh and bone of hundreds had sent her to what felt like heaven.
    When slow, heavy steps behind her pulled out of her trance, she wasted no time. Within a fraction of a second, she was facing the intruder, sword pressed against their throat as she held them by their collar close to her. The primal need to rip them to shreds was almost overwhelming. She sensed their heart beating out of their chest and their shallow breaths on her skin. Another life she could claim in an instant, if she so chose.
    “General…?” The shaky voice of one of the younglings in her army tried to reach her. “Please, lower your blade! I’m your ally.”
    Kiara did not budge.
    “I was only trying to check this area for anyone in need of medical attention!”
    Kiara blinked and her eyes lowered to the sigil on his jacket that he had been pointing at, right under her nose. He was a scout and rescue mage.
    “I’m the only one left here.” She claimed coldly as she pulled away from him and let him go. “You can go back to camp.”
    He hesitated, looking around at the countless bodies of mutilated monsters laying down in the dirt one last time as he readjusted his clothes.
    “You doubt me?” Kiara was offended.
    “No, I– I–” he stuttered, searching for the right words to soothe her. He noticed her notorious black blade was still pulsing, as if in sync with its owner.
    She stood tall above the decaying bodies of the beasts she had mercilessly slain. It was easy to understand how easily she could be portrayed as a hero for her accomplishments. Out in a field of death of her own making, the darkness surrounding her made no room for such mistakes. The tales of her righteousness couldn’t have been told by anyone who had witnessed her in this state. The idea of a being more ferocious than the monsters they fought acting as their guardian wasn’t so reassuring to him anymore. The fight had been over for hours. Just how much longer did she need to admire her chilling composition?
    “It’s just a habit, you know?” His attempt at a calm facade was a lost cause. “I-I’ll be on my way.”
    He looked away to hide his rising dread, hoping she couldn’t sense it. He had no choice but to turn his back on her. When he took a step in the opposite direction, he noticed a metallic object beside his boot. He recognized a watch, still attached around a handless arm. It had been cut clean off.
    It was then that a dark, blood painted object pierced through his chest. Her living blade was throbbing inside him, each pulse causing it to grow hundreds of worms within his body. When it was pulled out, his insides were ripped out along with it. In an unceremonious thump, his mangled body fell next to his fellow man.